{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       INVENTORY IMPROVEMENTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Over the years, we've added over 50 new recipes to the inventories of the various factions. Unfortunately, many of these new recipes were in places we hadn't previously checked. After much internal deliberation, we've decided to make these new recipes available to everyone. If you've discovered a new recipe, you can pick it up from the inventories of one of the factions in one of the following ways:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By visiting one of the four gateways provided by the various Iron Horde factions (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD la [80] Path to Power).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By speaking with an NPC in one of the many capital cities (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD la [Paradise] or Bank of the Historian).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By visiting one of the many NPCs that give quests (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD la the "NPCs in the City").}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By using the Quest Tracker located in the bottom right corner of the mini-map (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD la [Find A Grave]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By using the Quick Join system, which is located in the bottom left corner of the mini-map, players can be automatically entered into group chats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              NEW QUEST HUB}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new quest hub has been added to the Stair of Destiny located in the eastern Barrens. You'll be able to queue for Warlords content by visiting the new quest hub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A Warlords quest hub has been added to the Stair of Destiny located in the Eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An Inn has been added to the Stair of Destiny for players that are still unable to gain access to the Stormwind or Orgrimmar via the instance portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All available dungeons and raids are now available via the "D" key. Please note that all dungeons and raids are not available via this channel; all such dungeons and raids will be re-opened with a live server one day after release.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Loot from the loading screens of Deadmines, Mistsong, and Terokkar Forest has been moved to the Loot Tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An "Ammo Slot" has been added to the top of the right-click menu. Ammo will no longer automatically reload into this slot. You can activate this slot by clicking the Ammo Slot icon next to the right side of the action bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Quest rewards in Alterac Valley for each faction now have a new, unique icon. Quest rewards from earlier Warlords content are still available via this tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Loot from the loading screens of all raid encounters now has an icon. Previously, only available from raid bosses were hidden in plain sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new loading screen has been added to the loading screens of Tears of a Jedi Knight, Wretched Skiver, and The Missing Rogue quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An "Ammo Slot" has been added to the top}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mark of Arthas, a rare quality invitation, has been added to existing Mark of Arthas instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD BOSSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Arthas and his men have breached the Dark Portal, the Lich King's forces have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 turned the dangerous dungeon into a veritable war zone. With the help of the demon hunters of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arathi Highlands, the Alliance and Horde have begun scouting the Kun-Lai}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and have begun sending reinforcements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CITIES AND FACTIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HIGHEST DUNGEON RAIDING IN THE MACAU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players who join the Highmant or Highmountain West factions to fight on behalf of Tauren or Horde}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will receive a new raid structure: the Highmant, held by the Tauren and Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This raid structure will allow players to form a powerful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monk bond with an NPC ally, and work together to overthrow the current}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 current ruler of Tauren or Horde. These raids will have weekly and daily bonuses and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tips, and are intended for a variety of raid composition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Highmant will be a hub of Tol Barad and Orgrimmar, the capital city of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Alliance. The Highmountain West faction will extend the Reach and the Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the Horde in order to provide a foothold for the new raid structure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETRIBUTION DUNGEON: THE SHADOW OF THE RAID CONTINUES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The adventures of Prince Kael'thas and the Alliance's finest continue in the Shadow of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raids. Collect all the Emperor's finest gear and head to Darrow Downs to claim the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 embarkation of your very own Kael'thas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow is now open for play and the 25 player spawn rate has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a limited number of daily quests to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Creatures in the Shadow now have a chance to drop an item called a Heart of Flame (item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    required for the epic mount quest " [120] Heart of the Storm"). This item can be obtained}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from the following creatures in the Shadow at least once: [Moonkin], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Darkrai Cloth], [Thori'dal, Bludgeon of the Dark Lord], [Darkrai Gore], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Thori'dal Leather], [Thori'dal Weight Belt], [Thori'dal Weight Belt], and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Thori'dal Braid]. The Thori'dal Weight Belt and Darkrai Gore items are rare}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    items found in Broken Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a limited number of daily quests to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a chance to drop an item called a [Frostweave Net]. This item can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    be obtained from: [Dalaran Net], [Frostweave Net], [Frostweb Net], [Frostweave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Net Vest], [Frostweave Net Shoulder Pads], [Frostweave Net Around], [Frostweave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Vest], [Frostweave Net Underarms], and [Frostweave Net Spines].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a chance to drop an item called a [Gorefiend's Wands]. This}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    item can be found in Broken Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mount Abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Farstrider] (Windwalker) now also increases the chance to dodge by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Serenity] (Windwalker) now reduces the cooldown of [Serenity].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Ring of Light] (Windwalker) now increases the duration of [Ring of Light] by 45}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      seconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      When a player uses an ability that has a visual effect that resembles a cross-section of the torso, they are viewing a representation of the character's torso in 3D space. The player's head is displayed in left field, while the character's hands and feet are displayed in right field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       In addition, players can now inspect other characters while viewing a character's torso in 3D space by clicking on the words "Character Name" at the top of the screen, selecting an image, and then dragging it onto the screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       GUILDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Guild creation is now in the game, but not quite as it was originally intended to be. Gone are the days when you could create a guild and call it whatever you wanted. You now required a 2-page application to be able to join a guild, and a 3-page application to be able to create a new guild. While we have made some improvements to the guild creation process, it is still not quite as simple as it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       In order to make the guild experience more meaningful, we've made some changes to the guild experience itself. In particular, we've added a third step to becoming a member of a guild, the "Story Step." This third step allows a member of a guild to experience the full value of the experience bonus before deciding to join a guild, by providing a steady stream of bonus rewards for participating in a weekly bonus roll, and offers an incentive to continuing the guild regardless of whether you are a member of the guild or not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Each week, players will receive a new quest at a random location on the world, requiring them to complete a specific dungeon run in order to receive the "Story Reward" \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 a hefty 375% bonus to an item's drop rate!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The quest can be completed by all players who have attained a rating of Silver or higher in the respective role that week, but only a member of a guild will be eligible to receive the bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Completed dungeons will award bonus resources up to a maximum of 375% of the week's cap, with a weekly cap of 10,000 (up from 10,000).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once a player has earned more than one story reward from a specific week during the same period, the player will receive an additional bonus roll for that week's reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The final bonus roll reward will be based on the final rating of the guild that week, with a minimum cap of 1,000 for each guild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once a player has earned more than one bonus roll during the same period, the player will receive an additional bonus roll for that week's reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       FLIGHT PATHS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Flight paths have been added to Alterac Valley, Warsong Gulch, and Arathi Basin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Paths are no longer available on the fly from several locations along the Eastern Kingdoms to each of these flight points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Players will now be able to use flight paths that they have discovered along their travels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Flight Paths }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Ironforge, Darnassus, Orgrimmar, and Thunder Bluff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Stair of Destiny, Talonbranch, Shattrath, and The Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Orgrimmar, Stair of Destiny, and Theramore Isle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Outland, Northrend, and Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Outland, Northrend, Draenor, and Battle for Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Draenor and Eastern Kingdoms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Flight Paths have been added to Stair of Destiny, Talonbranch, Sh}}