{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The old guard of the Horde is in mourning. Fearful of Malfurion's return, the titans of the Horde have taken to wearing black armor and carrying heavy black bags. As such, their faction is unrecognizable from the one that once comprised Stormwind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * For the titans, this is a fitting end. Malfurion had hoped that by uniting the Horde and Alliance, he could finally unite Azeroth once more. Unfortunately, his plans have gone awry. Angry at being left behind, the titans have taken to raiding Stormwind's Trade Spots to fill their bellies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The titans have managed to secure a shipment of Beasts that could only be obtained through the course of bloody battles. Should this prove successful, the heroes of Azeroth may finally be able to challenge the titan rulers once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To ensure that the titans of Zandalararar haven't been forgotten about, all heroes will have their portraits displayed on the walls of their respective cities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Due to the lack of a better description for this battle, we simply refer to it as "The Battle of the Bannisters."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tyr's Hand of Justice] is now correctly referred to as "Hand of Justice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vek'lor's Falling Rain] now causes Rainfall damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DESTINATION FEATURE: THE GREAT MORBAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will no longer need to wait for a player's corpse to decompose in order to reap the loot from the Great Morb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }}