{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Engineers can now craft [Earthbinders' [Pack of Seeds] and [Tranquility Seeds] from these tome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Portal spells can now be cast on players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a recipe to exotic pets for [Bag of Saronite Powder].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gnomish Mind Control Cap] now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A recipe for [Endless Poison Darts of the Black Knight] has been added to vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Firework Gauntlets] are now Bind on Equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Heavy Whelping Hat] and [Heavy Whelping Hat] are now Bind on Equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Band of the Unwilling] now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gladiator's Gladiator's Gladiator's Ring of Honor] now has a detailed combat log}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Mind Control Cap] now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Rocket Boots] now have a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Explosive Charge] is now Bind on Equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Band of the Goblin Band] now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Engineers can now craft a new [Mooncloth Satchel].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New recipes for Lunar Pendant, [Mooncloth Belt], [Nimble Mooncloth], and [Nimble}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOONFATHER GARRISON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gargronious Garion of Boralus has taken the reigns of power in Boralus by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mad. Now he has taken over the dark heart of the city, Boralus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His rule has left many a bored adventurer in Boralus speechless. Now they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will soon meet the new king of Boralus, Prince Baelog. Baelog and his band of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mad druids have taken over the city and corrupted Boralus into a haven of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 doom. The new king will lay plans for a great invasion, and prepare to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hug avenge his subjects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During King Baelog's reign, the legendary druid Vartrus, and many of his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mad druids, have set out to take over Boralus. Now, King Baelog}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and his band of minions are ready to take the fight to the enemy's doorstep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Baelog and his band of minions will use Boralus as a staging}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Engineers can now craft items that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    require [Holy Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowburn]: This talent can no longer be triggered by environmental damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    mitigation effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish]: The tooltip on this ability will now update correctly when the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    dies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The critical strike chance of [Binding Heal] and [Holy Light] has been significantly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Binding Heal] and [Holy Light] now increase the healing done by each}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    casting of [Binding Heal] or [Holy Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Binding Heal] cast time has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conductivity] and [Holy Spirit] now have stats consistent with the rest of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    player's spell damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Brutal Precision]: This talent will no longer sometimes grant you Binding Heal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Force of Nature]: This talent will no longer sometimes cause you to take excessive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage from your targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hand of Sacrifice]: The tooltip on this ability will now update properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    when you get a vision effect that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Engineers can now craft and trade with each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aspect of the Hawk]: Now able to be used on any mount and can be used on any}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       mount, but only when the user is in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of the Jade Serpent]: Now reduces the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Healing Touch] by 10/20/30% for 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Healing Wave]: Now increases healing done by Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Touch by 10/20/30% when Power Word: Shield expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The login interface for Macros and chat frames is no longer "on" state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Spellbook pane is now viewable by the Command key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Create Account" button will now open automatically when you enter the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click on a guild chat group to link them to your chat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click on a guild chat group to link it to your chat frame.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.1 CHAT CHANGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.2 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.3 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.4 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.5 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.6 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.7 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.8 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.9 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.10 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.11 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.12 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.13 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.14 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.15 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.16 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.17 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.18 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.19 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.20 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.21 TALENTS!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.22 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also: 9.0.23 TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See also:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALL-NEW CREATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're adding new and exciting creatures to the world, and we're making them better than ever before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take the Stormwind Gorge, for example. You'll no doubt find the gathering cry of the Stormwind clan at heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Stormwind Gorge is an important node in the Warsong Gulch and the flying saucer of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stormwind Venture Company. Players will find this floating in the heart of the sprawl a peaceful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 place where everyone who visits will have a chance of meeting a Stormwind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Venture Company officer or a Winterfall Venture Company officer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HIGHQUALITY RAID GROUPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Stormwind Raid Group now offers a quest that will reward players for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    completing their tasks and completing the Stormwind Raid requirements for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Stormwind faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * High Level Raid Groups now offer a couple of new rewards. New rewards include}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    new armor, weapons, and a rare mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New faction-specific items and mounts are available through the new NPC}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    vendors and the weekly quest " [120] The Price of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Not Helpful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priests, priests, and warriors now have access to new class-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    daily quests. These quests can be completed by visiting their respective}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    respective class trainers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priests, priests, and warriors now have access to a new class-specific daily}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    quest, " [120] Power to the Teeming" that can be completed by visiting their respective}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    respective class trainers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New class-specific quests have been added, and you can obtain them by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    completing the class-specific quests in Stormwind, Orgrimmar, and Stormwind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Spire. Class-specific quests that require you to complete the class-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    quests have been added to all of these cities. These quests can be completed by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    visiting the respective class trainers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Stormwind Alliance and Horde factions now have access to a new quest, " }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Power to the Teeming." This quest can be completed by visiting the respective}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    respective class trainers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All new quests have been added to the Warlords of Draenor content and now take}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    full advantage of the new expansion's new Tier-3 Pandarian quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Barrens have been expanded to hold more space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Conquest Point in the Black Temple is now owned by the Black Temple}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Council.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now requires the player to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          successfully complete the Black Temple questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now requires the player to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          successfully complete the Black Temple questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of Kotighima in Stranglethorn Vale is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of Stranglethorn Vale in Taurajo now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of Taurajo in Tanaris now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          respawn rate of 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of Taurajo in the Eastern Plaguelands is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of Taurajo in Western Plaguelands is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Temple of T}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Thunderclap and Thunder Clap abilities no longer have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    additional combat impact effects on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Spellsteal] ability has been removed and replaced with Spellsteal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from a nearby corpse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets and classes will no longer get bonus honor if you are the only one}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with bonus honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new Achievement to Warlords of Draenor for completing every Warlords}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    city quest without a reset rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed several bugs with [Noggenfogger Elixir].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEMON HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conflagrate]: The tooltip has been adjusted for clarity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enrage]: This buff can no longer be triggered by critical strikes, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the rage cost is now based on the damage the hunter did in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    previous version of the talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enrage]: This talent can no longer trigger when the hunter's primary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon is unequipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Armor] proc chance is now 8% + Armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    % and damage is now 20% + Armor %.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enrage]: The tooltip has been adjusted for clarity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Premeditation]: Now grants 10/20/30% chance to stun instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10/20/30% chance to gain a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Preparation]: All ranks now increase the critical strike chance of [Premeditation] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rampage]: Rank 2 is no longer a prerequisite talent for this buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sunder Armor]: Now grants 9/15%/20% armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Warding]: The cooldown for this spell is now 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Embrace]: Now grants a 10/20/30% chance to make your next [Vampiric}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Touch] or [Holy Shock] cost no mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Volley]: This ability is now subject to diminishing returns in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison]: Tooltip updated to be more clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wrath of Consumption]: Rank 2 is no longer a prerequisite talent for this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    buff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bountiful Sentinel]: Fixed a bug where you were able to shift-click this ability on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       character who tapped the mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Call of the Wild]: This ability now has new icons and functionality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Call of the Wild: This ability now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dire Frenzy]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate that it heals only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Wing Clip]: Now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Wing Clip]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate that it grants}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       only the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [King of the Jungle]: Now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lion's Grace]: Now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Swiftness]: The tooltip now states that it only works on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Grasp]: Now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Vibro Shield]: Now has a detailed combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nourish]: Moved from Improved Rejuvenation to Feline Swiftness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prowl]: Can now be used while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACKSMITHING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for the [Blacksmithing Silk]. This new recipe increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    level of your leatherworking leatherworking items by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for the [Blacksmithing Silk]. This recipe increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    level of your leatherworking leatherworking items by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for the [Blacksmithing Quiver]. This new recipe increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    level of your leatherworking items by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new recipe for the [Ironbarking Leather]. This new recipe increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    leatherworking items by 400%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new recipe for the [Replenishing Silk]. This new recipe increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    leatherworking items by 600%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Beacon of Light] now heals for every 1 Astral Power consumed (up from 0.5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chakra] now increases spell power by 25% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chakra: Serenity] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chakra: Power and Focus] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chakra: Serenity] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Serenity] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Power] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] is no longer a talent and no longer causes [Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Strike] to interrupt spellcasting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chakra: Shadow] now increases Shadow damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Frost Shock] and [Frost Shock] now have a 6% chance to trigger                  [Frost Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Frost Nova] now only causes damage to the target that triggers its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Frost Shock] now causes a 6% damage increase to the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  health instead of a 6% damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Frost Nova] now deals a damage-over-time melee attack that deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 damage equal to 4 times the normal periodic damage for Frost Nova's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 periodic effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Ice Nova] is no longer a talent and is now available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mage Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Magma Totem] now deals a damage-over-time melee attack that deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               damage equal to 4 times the normal periodic damage for Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Pyroblast] now deals a damage-over-time melee attack that deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               damage equal to 4 times the normal periodic damage for Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world is a dangerous place. Seekers of power will find themselves in many difficult situations. Seekers will find themselves in the position of the High Priestess of Shaladrassil, and the High Priestess of Asheron, and you'll find her in the position of High Priestess of Aran's room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You'll find Priests and High Priests in the respective areas of interest:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Priestess of Aran's room:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Priestess of Asheron's room:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Priestess of Aran's room:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of these places will require you to complete the quests in order to gain access to the respective Priests and High Priests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a list of places that are currently under construction. Please note that some of these quests may take a few days to complete.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dalaran High Priests have decided to close down the Orgrimmar and Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and return to Orgrimmar and their forces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Priestess of Aran and the High Priestess of Asheron have both been in and out of service}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with the Argent Dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Darkshore High Priests have been in and out of service with the Argent Dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Priestess of Aran and the High Priestess of Asheron have both been in and out of service}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with the Argent Dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ironforge High Priests have been in and out of service with the Argent Dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Priestess of Aran and the High Priestess of Asheron have both been in and out of service}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with the Argent Dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Scarlet Monastery and Scarlet Monastery Guard Command Camps have both been in and out of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 use by both factions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Dawn has been active in the Ironforge area of interest for quite some time now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Priestess of Aran and the High Priestess of Asheron have both been in and out of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 use by both factions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of these quests have been partially or entirely canceled as of this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 post.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Quest givers who have quests in their associated categories will now appear in the appropriate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    search field of the quest log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The time needed to complete a quest has been reduced to 5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now complete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shattered Necklace] and [Sever's Collar] can now be used in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             PvP environments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Alarmist]: Increases the healing done by your [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Touch] and [Healing Surge] abilities by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Alarmist]: Increases the healing done by your [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Rain] and [Healing Surge] abilities by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Freedom]: Now also increases your critical strike chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          for your Holy Power and Holy Explosion abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Wisdom]: Now also grants you your Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Protection]: Now also grants you your Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: Now also grants you Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: Now also grants you Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: Now also grants you Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Light]: Now also grants you your Wisdom passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Sanctuary]: Now also grants you your Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          passive effects on your Light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Cloak of Shadows] and Cloak of Frost                    from the same master now increases the damage of the next spell by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    50%, up to a maximum of a maximum of a maximum of 75% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Empowered Touch] now increases the healing done by an additional 15% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            from 10%) and the damage done by an additional 1% (up from 0%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Improved Shadow Blades] has been redesigned and renamed into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Improved Shadow Dance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Shadow Dance now causes the Rogue to dance for 5 seconds (up from 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              second) and reduces the cooldown of the ability by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Vampiric Blood] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vampiric Blood now causes the Rogue to heal for 3% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             health every 4 seconds (up from 2%), and increases the healing done by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             3% each (up from 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vivify] now has a 10% (up from 30%) chance to trigger when a Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          has Shadow Dance active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vitality] now increases the amount of healing done by an additional 20% (up}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   *  [Mastery: The Sacred Shield] now also grants the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             damage-over-time effect of the shield a chance to make the shield}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             non-periodic damage.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Greater Blessing of Kings] now grants 4 runic power (up from 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              times the normal effect.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Alabaster Shield] has been redesigned. It now causes }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              [Shield of the Alabaster Shield] to gain 150% additional critical strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              chance for the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Black Ox Statue] now allows the paladin to summon }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              [The Eye of the Black Ox Statue] up to 12 times (up from 8) for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Burning Black Bow] now increases damage done by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             same stats as the normal version of the paladin's Sacred}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Wrath, and increases attack power by the same amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Devout]: This glyph has been replaced with [Glyph of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Devout], which teaches the Paladin's Devout ability. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Devout] causes Blessing of Kings to grant 10% Haste to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             the Paladin when used on targets that are afflicted by Dispel Magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE MORNING PLUMBINGER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The New World Order}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cabal and the Alliance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Daily Papers}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Shadow Brokers of Alterac}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE TIMEWALKING REPUTATION TOUR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cabal and the Horde}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE ZOMBIES AND THE DRAENOR PERIODIC TRADE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Zul'Gurub}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Zul'gor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE WOUNDING COOKING AND BLOOD FROZEN BARRENS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argos the Blood-Shroud and Xavarion are plotting to open a new world for raiders who grew up raiding. Aid the Blood-Shroud in your crusade to free these two savage savage savage savage defeat the Burning Legion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and bring an end to the Burning Legion's cruel rule.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WAR CAMPAIGN: IRON DIMENSION INCURSION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iron Druidic Order is dispatched to subdue the Burning Legion in its new home of Ironforge. The Iron Druidic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Order's newest member, Ironfoe: Ironbeard, has just returned from a two-week}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winter break and is determined to prove that he deserves honorable treatment from his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fellow members.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DAILY PVP QUEST LOG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The quest log for the weekly Raid Finder quest " [ Ironfoe: Ironscanion " has been redesigned and has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replaced with new quests. These quests have been added to provide a more balanced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 deeper challenge level for players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DAILY CLASS PATCH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new Class PATCH system allows players to add new class specializations to existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systems. The new system allows you to choose a new specialization at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 option of your character sheet. The option to add a specialization at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 option of your character sheet also allows players to switch between existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systems where you choose to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST RESOLVE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Delve deeper into the mysteries of the Ironfoe, and you'll unlock new quests, new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 items, and new class-specific quests. Unlock new class-specific class-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quests and other Class Resolvers by visiting the Dungeon Finder in your faction's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orgrimmar or Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW PVP GEAR AND CLASS HUN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Gluttony: Cleansing Field] now increases the amount healed by a minimum of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 2 times (to a maximum of 4 times), and now also increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  healing provided by Cleansing Field by 4/8/12/20% for the duration of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Cleansing Field effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons & Raids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair raid bosses have received adjustments to their loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair raid bosses now have a chance to drop a random [Mage Armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Set].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Boss creatures in Blackwing Lair raid dungeons now drop common loot items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       that could have turned up rare (such as [Magister's Key])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair raid bosses have received adjustments to the loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair raid bosses now have a chance to drop a random [Magister's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Key].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair raid bosses now have a chance to drop a random [Mystic Key]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       for the duration of a boss monster's active current active active monster}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair bosses now have a chance to drop a random [Flask of Mummified Coins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Blackwing Lair raid bosses now have a chance to drop a random [Mystic Key]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       for the duration of a boss creature's active current active monster's active}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blackwing Lair bosses now have a chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Fixed an issue where floating combat text was appearing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             in large numbers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that caused a number of weapon animations in Cat and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form to appear larger than they actually were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug causing some creatures in Cat Form to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that caused some creatures in Bear Form to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that caused some creatures in Dire Bear Form to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that caused some creatures in Dire Bear Form to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shooting Stars] now increases damage by 10% (up from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Inquisition]: The increased spell damage bonus granted by this talent no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            longer scales with level, and now scales with attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Inquisition]: The increased spell damage bonus granted by this talent no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            longer scales with attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Mirror Image] and [Mirror Image: Horror] now share a spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            lockout that must be used on the same target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sudden Doom] can no longer be used while under the effects of an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            immunities effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Avoidance] now reduces damage by 50% (up from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Explosive Shot] now deals 50% more damage to targets afflicted by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            same-shot's Flash Freeze spell (down from 70% weapon damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Arcane Explosion] now deals 60% more damage to targets afflicted by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            same-shot's Flash Freeze spell (down from 70% weapon damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger]'s movement speed increase is now subject to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            diminishing returns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   *  [Tiger's Fury]: Now increases damage by 20%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Tiger's Fury]: Cooldown reduced to 1 minute, down from 2 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Vigilance] and [Tiger's Vigilance]: Now increase movement speed by 15%, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vigilance]: Cooldown reduced to 8 minutes, down from 12 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Will of the Tiger Rest]: Now reduces damage taken below 30% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      and armor by 30%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Will of the Fox]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 35% health, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Winter's Wrath]: Now reduces damage taken below 30% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       35% above 35% health below 35% health below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       health below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 15% health below 15% health below 15% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 15% health below 15% health below 15% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 15% health below 15% health below 15% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 15% health below 15% health below 15% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       above 15% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Winter's Reward]: Now grants 100% Haste to all party and raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          members, up from 100% for party and raid members only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Winter's Reward]: Now grants 100% Haste to all party and raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            members, up from 100% for party and raid members only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Windsurge]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         below 35% health below 35% health below 35% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Windsurge]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               35% health below 35% health below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               30% health below 30% health below 30% health below 30% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               10% health below 10% health below 10% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               10% more healing for the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Windshield]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% health below 35% health below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% more healing for the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% health below 35% health below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% more healing for the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% health below 35% health below 35% health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              35% more healing for the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Fury]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The following abilities no longer require the Druid to be in a tanking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              specialization to use. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * The following abilities no longer require the Druid to be in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * The following abilities no longer require the Druid to be in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * The following abilities no longer require the Druid to be in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The following abilities no longer have additional combat reach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Swipe] now requires the Druid to be in an Arena, but still}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              does not stack with other abilities that require that ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               to have it counted as a base ability. In addition, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Swipe now does damage based on the number of players in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The following abilities no longer have deprecated global cooldowns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Backstab] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Whirlwind] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Execute] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Hamstring] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Throwing Specialization]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Throwing Specialization]: Can now be interrupted by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        damaging attack that breaks the stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Throwing Specialty]: Can now be interrupted by a damaging}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To be clear, there is no real magic to the Warlock's spells. In fact, most spells that used to benefit you from the spellbook have been turned off by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This means that spells that you cast while you are outside of the caster's area of effect will no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effect you unless you are in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Voidwalker's Call }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Warlock's Call is a new spell available in all major dungeons. While not on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            level-90 talent row, the Voidwalker's Call talent row is still present in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            the level-90 Talent row. This new talent replaces the Voidwalker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Call talent, and summons a Voidwalker to join your party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The Warlock's Call talent row has been removed and will now only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            available to the Warlocks. The Warlock's Call talent is now available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Warlock talent rows, and will create a Soulstone on the target to assist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            in transforming a target's soul into a Soul Shard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Disarm] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Hamstring] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Suppression] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Slam] is now a melee instant cast ability, down from a 2-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           cast time increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now increases movement speed by 30% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Spirited Crane] now increases movement speed by 30% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           from 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lean Healer] now increases the healing done by [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Touch] by 20%, reduces the mana cost of Healing Touch by 50%, and increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       healing done by [Healing Touch] by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lean Healer] now causes [Healing Touch] to heal for 40% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       healing done (down from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lean Healer] now increases the healing done by [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Touch] by 20% (down from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Steady Handpiece]'s healing has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Steady Handpiece]'s healing has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Steady Hand]: The heal from this glyph can now be critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       strikes, and is now triggered by critical strikes with 2 full applications of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Vigor] now increases the critical strike chance of [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Vigor] by 5% (down from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The combat log will now properly list the damage percent of [Felguard] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       and [Felguard 2].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Felguard 2 has been updated with additional damage and damage per tick}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Felguard 2 has been updated with additional damage and damage per tick of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Characters can now choose to only receive one bonus from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters with a character level of 104 or higher can queue for a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          character with an existing Battle.net account by selecting the "Register for a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Battle.net Account" option.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New Battle.net Accounts option is available for Battle.net}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             accounts with an existing Battle.net account. This new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              option allows new characters to register for a Battle.net Account}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              with a given level of a given region.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New option to check in with an NPC for a quest will open an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             message informing the character that they are eligible for a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             quest objective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters that have earned the Elite Mount achievement can now access the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          world of Elite Mount using a new system. This new system allows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          players to obtain mounts from outside the game world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players that have unlocked the Elite Mount achievement upon reaching}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          level 110 can now utilize the new Elite Mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          daily quest system. This daily quest will allow players that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          reach that level to mount the appropriate mount in a day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players entering the game with an account with an Elite Mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          achievement will have access to a weekly quest line to accept daily}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now start mining with an item chosen as their profession}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          account's primary resource on the world. Once an account has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          access to an account, players will be able to mine with a small amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their resources. The maximum allowed amount of a mineral is determined by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the amount of skill a player has to obtain to refine a given}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          mineral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now select an account to train at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The profession to which a player has turned to profession skill is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          available in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The weekly Profession quest will award an account's specialization points}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          for completing the weekly questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       TAILORING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now choose to specialize a specific item ( [Stone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of the Pack], [Turtle Tailoring Essentials], [Shoveltusk Flask], or }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Bloodstain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players will be able to choose to specialize an item ( [Stone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Essentials], [Turtle Tailoring Essentials], [Shoveltusk Flask], or }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Toxicology Lager].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can choose to specialize an item ( [Stone of the Week], [Turtle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Tailoring Essentials], [Turtle Tailoring Ess}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new feature for creating epic dungeon maps is now available! You can create epic dungeon maps using any}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              existing World of Warcraft World Map. This new feature also enables}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             players to create epic dungeon maps using existing World}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              maps in the same manner as they can create normal World}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              maps with the same tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Dungeons created using this new feature will now provide a detailed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             description of what each of the dungeons are comprised of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeons created using this feature will now provide a detailed description of what}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the dungeon is comprised of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The number of completed dungeons created using this new feature will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          again provide a detailed description of what each of the completed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dungeons are comprised of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players will now be able to create epic dungeon maps using existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          World of Warcraft World Map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The maximum level of experience a player can gain while in a battleground is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now based on the level of the player that made the first kill in a battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with that player in the past 5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players have a chance to receive a PvP set bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will always respawn in their original locations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will always respawn in their original locations if a battleground is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    completed in less than 30 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will always respawn in their original locations if a battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is completed in less than 30 minutes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: PRISON OF THRONES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Auras of the Bastion have been modified to make them more attractive to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monk families. The new aura will give a Paladin's family a reason to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reject a paladin who uses the Auras. If a Paladin uses the Auras, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 parental veto will be removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOWCAVE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by Shadowflame is now considered direct damage and the tooltip has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been adjusted to indicate that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: DWARFBEARD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by Hive-Blade was modified to indicate that the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 attacker had no weapon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: PVP DAILY GALOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the Kalecgos raid is now considered direct damage and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tooltip now indicates that the ability works on all targets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: BAGS OF THE DAILY GALOCK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Items that increase the duration of the Biscuit no longer drop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: BLOODBEARDER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the bloodbeard's bloodrage has been modified to indicate that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he had no weapon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: EYE OF THE DARK KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the eye of the dark knight is now considered direct damage and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will now increase with level up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE BLACK TEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the eye of the dark knight is now considered direct damage and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will now increase with level up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE COLLECTIVE HEIR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the collectives heists will now display the icon for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the feared target in parenthesis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE DRUID'S LAIR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the Druid's Liadrin's Liadrin's Liadrin's Liad}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    disguise effect no longer changes size when the disguise is used.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE IRON MAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the ironman's lightning shield is now considered direct}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 damage and will now affect the shield icon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE SCALP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the sharpshooter's lightning shield will now display the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 icon for the feared target in parenthesis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE TIMEWALKER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage done by the timer in the Timewalking area has been modified to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 suggest that it will always reset the timer when a Timewalking}}