{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mmo-champion.com amazingly let me grab their archive and feed it into GPT-2 along with my collection of patch notes. Unwittingly this has given me the much sought after ability to generate infinite "tweets from the blues". (Maybe) enjoy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Developer Q&A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: What do you think is the biggest challenge for a class in a raid?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We like the idea of the tanking class, and we think it's a cool concept. It's not a problem we're solving, but we are working on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: What do you think is the biggest challenge for a character in the early stages of a level 90 character?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We don't have any specific examples to share just yet, but we would like to share some of the reasons why we feel that certain skills and talents are less popular than others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, talent specialization is a big part of the reason why we're not doing a "holy paladin" spec. We like to keep it as a choice, but we think it makes the game feel more like a lot of "holy paladin" players are still going to want to do the class. The class specialization system we're working on is a big part of that, and we like the way it feels. It's a cool idea, but it's one that we're not sure we're ready to commit to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We do like the idea of specialization. It's an interesting idea, but it's one that doesn't fit the gameplay we want to have. It's something that we're constantly looking at, but it's one that isn't as easy as just throwing in a bunch of talents. We have some ideas that are coming up for how we'd like to make that happen, but they're not finished, and we're still working on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fake Tweets from the blues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well we're doing a lot of things wrong. Maybe we can fix it, maybe we can't fix it.\line I think it's important to keep in mind that we're trying to fix it, but it's hard to do that in a way that doesn't make things worse.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 why not nerf Feral Shaman's taming in 10% dps to compensate for the lack of taming talent?\line We don't think it's a big deal. We think it's a really fun ability.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are we going to see a new talent for Shapeshift in WoD?\line That's a cool idea. We just need to figure out how to make it fit.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is it that hunters are still able to do all their damage while tanking?\line Because they're a lot more fun in PvP.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate the way Hunter dps is too high. I like it when it is high, but I think it's a problem when it's low.\line We have some ideas on how to fix that.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How would you fix the Hunter dps problem?\line It's not like we're going to make it the same way every spec. We're not going to do that, but we would like to make some changes.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 any plans to make Misdirection a buff in the future? I'm getting the feeling that it's just a bug now\line It's a bug. It's just a fun one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure we're in a position to be able to give you any more details on that. We're still discussing.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the difference between the 2 new Blackout Kick, it's still a stupid ability\line It's a dumb ability. We're trying to get to the point where we don't need it.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you give us a hint as to when we can expect to see the new Shaman spell, Wild Mushroom?\line It's in the game files.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't imagine you guys are happy with the nerf to Shadow. I have always found it fun.\line We don't think it was a great design. It was a mistake.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do the Druids get a nerf in the expansion? I love the flavor.\line The flavor is great. It's just that it's just not in the game.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Characters / Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the point of the crafting system? I'd hate to be a slave to it.\line I'd hate to be a slave to it.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new models are very nice. It's just a shame they're all just so boring.\line We love the new models, but they just don't fit the game.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can we get any more details on the new leveling system?\line It's a leveling system. It'll be much easier to work with.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the new leveling system work on player level 100+ or will it be mandatory?\line Both.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the new leveling system, what will we be able to earn?\line You'll be able to earn a level 100+ character for free.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is the leveling system being removed from the game?\line Because we don't think it's a good way for the game to have to constantly adjust and change to keep pace with player activity.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can we get a sense of how often people use the leveling system to level their characters?\line It's not a huge chunk of people, but it's definitely something that we're trying to increase.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are the new players always complaining about the old way of doing things?\line Because it's not the way they wanted to do it.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why does it take so much effort to make a new race?\line Because we want them to be a viable choice.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm a level 90, and I can't just type the numbers. I'm using my laptop. Is this the first time we see it?\line Yes, it's the first time we see it.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any chance of a "quality of life" button for Mists of Pandaria? It feels like it would be annoying to have to constantly have to re-adjust your stats to fit the new model.\line We are considering it, but it's a tough decision.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the next tier of the PTR be a little bit more competitive with the previous tier? Because we're spending so much money on it\line Definitely. The current tier is in a pretty good place.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will we see more of the old shaman in the future?\line Yes. WarcraftDevs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is the War Campaign a way to make the faction feel more unique?\line It is. But if you're going to make it, we'd like to make it a bit more.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'Curse of Naxxramas' Why are we doing this?\line I don't think it's fair to give everyone a choice in what to do, it's a challenge.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new difficulty is not a reflection of the quality of the content.\line It is. It's not the content.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you're still doing the content, why not put more in-depth content in the next expansion?\line The new content is going to be a ton of fun and I'd love to do more.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're always interested to hear feedback about PvP. It's the reason why we don't have a lot of it in the game. We have a lot of ideas we are working on but we don't have anything ready to share just yet.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP So you are trying to convince me that when I win a PVP match that I am "playing the wrong game"?\line I'd like to hear the players' perspective. I'm a part of a guild that supports PvP.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvE I don't think the berserk bug is that big of a deal, but I am a big fan of the way it is used to justify the badness of PvP.\line It's a bug that's been fixed for the past few weeks. We're just going to roll it out to all of the PVP queues in the future.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the new PvP system be a completely new system or will it still use the old ones?\line The old ones.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will PvP be reduced to a 3v3 arena style or will it still be a 2v2 style?\line The old PvP system was designed to be a different style, so we're still tweaking it.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any chance of making the PvP gear available in the PvP tabard like the other pieces of gear?\line It seems to be a bit overpowered. We're not trying to make PvP gear in the tabard.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 @RoboDevs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This post was generated by one of the more advanced text 'generators' currently available. Trained on a huge number of web pages it will introduce ideas not found in the source material so the output is always somewhat novel (Fine-tuning material is every single X.X patch note ever, april fools patch notes, some fan-generated expansions and amazingly the entire news history from MMO-Champion.com).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have a github\~repo\~that I can share that has all the training data, most of the generated data, and a shortlist from the insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d5sfcf/ai_generated_patch_notes_early_version_very_rough/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fake notes}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d778cm/i_asked_my_robot_about_patch_825_generated_patch/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fake 8.2.5}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d8ix9a/i_had_an_interview_with_my_robot_about_the/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 8.2.5 interview}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/daolia/world_of_warcraft_terminus_oculatus_generated/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fake expansion}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/dbj2x7/generated_unedited_ai_generated_article_i_found/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fake article}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/BotPatch"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fake Patch Notes Bot Twitter}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/robodevs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robo Devs Twitter}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Why am I like this****]}}