{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The current state of the game, and any potential changes, are being looked at.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When we are ready, the PTR realms will be available for testing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a lot of changes and fixes in the game that are coming in the next major patch. We are constantly working on new content and the new systems that we are introducing are a huge part of that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you are playing on a non-PvP realm, you may have some issues with the game because of things like guilds, level cap, etc. We are working to resolve these issues and give you a chance to get into the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you are playing on a PvP realm, you may have issues because of PvP balance, the addition of new PvP gear, etc. We are working to address these issues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game is constantly evolving and evolving. If you are experiencing any issues, please let us know! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the next major patch, we will be removing the PvP requirements and allowing players to queue for PvP realms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game has changed a lot over the years. We don't want to repeat that process, but we do want to make sure the game is still evolving. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a lot of information coming in the next major patch, so we are still updating on what is coming in the next major patch. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name of this world has been a part of the lore of Azeroth for millennia. It is a place that was created through the efforts of countless artificers and monks of the Order of the White Crane, the first of many great technological advancements that would change the face of the land and the cosmos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ancient world of the mists of Pandaria was an ancient one, one that was filled with mystical and mystical energies, in which the greatest of all the worlds lay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The journey of the Burning Legion led the other elemental spirits into a new world, one that was much more chaotic than the one they had known before the world was forged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world was cursed by the Legion, and the curse of the Sha. The Sha were a powerful force of darkness that ruled over the moon and the stars, and the world was in a state of chaos, as they had all the time in the world to prepare for an attack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The very concept of an elemental being was a new concept, and it was a time that the world was full of great and powerful creatures that had been born from the chaos and chaos of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The five great races of the world were the ones that were most responsible for the downfall of the world, and their actions were the reason behind the destruction of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there's no real question. We're not removing any class from the game just because it's a bad idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a difference between bad ideas and bad philosophy. We're trying to make sure that the philosophy is the same for PvP as it is for PvE.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with PvP, specifically, is that it's a game where there's a lot of numbers and a lot of things to take into account. The game is supposed to be fun and not a series of numbers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we just removed PvP, it wouldn't be a problem, but we don't want to just remove everything. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we just buffed PvP, then the game would be a lot better, but there are a lot of variables that go into PvP balance. For example, in PvP, we have to balance it to prevent it from being a major contributor to the PvP community, and that's a pretty big challenge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the issue is the game design itself. I don't think we're trying to remove any class or specialization from the game, but we're trying to make sure that the game design is the same for PvP as it is for PvE.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a big undertaking. It's a lot of work. We have to be very careful about how much we can take away from PvP, but we're going to try to be a little bit more careful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't think there's any doubt that PvP is a big part of the game. I think we're trying to make sure that PvP is the same thing for PvE as it is for PvP. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, PvP is a big part of the game. But I don't think it's a problem for PvE as it is for PvP.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To start, let's say you have two players and a boss, which should be a fairly easy encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you have the right number of people, it should be a fairly easy fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you have the wrong number of people, it might be a tougher fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A message to all those who have been killed by a player on a server: I'm sorry. We're working on it, but it's not the time or the resources.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a few factors at play here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1 A player can be killed by a player and then killed again and no one can claim the server dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2 The kill isn't a player's fault. It's the system's fault. It's a bug.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's also not a bug that should be fixed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'll be the first to admit that there's a lot of people out there who would like to see some kind of system to track this, but there are a lot of other players out there who would like to see a system that makes this easy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BlizzCon in Anaheim}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BlizzCon will take place in Anaheim, CA this year! The show will take place on Saturday, February 7th, and Sunday, February 8th, and will feature panels, contests, workshops, vendors, games, panels, competitions, and more! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re attending, don\u8217\'92t forget to tune in to the Anaheim LIVE stream on Tuesday, February 11th at 10:00 a.m. PST.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fixed a bug that caused a player's weapon to not be removed when they use a weapon enchant on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The recent announcement that Blizzard is acquiring the game company behind World of Warcraft and StarCraft II has caused some people to get very excited. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, Blizzard has been in the business of making games for decades, and many of the developers who have been working on World of Warcraft have already left the company to pursue other projects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing that remains is the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you are one of those people, we will be hiring. We are looking for a talented Coder, Front End Web Developer, Front End Web Developer, Front End Web Developer,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Tweets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would be nice to have a few more options on how to handle the new trinket colors. i.e. when to use it, when to use it, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trinket color scheme is a little different than other trinkets. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a hunter, I've noticed that hunter tanks are having trouble in PvP. Any idea why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There's a lot of factors that go into the problem. It's not just the current trinket, but the armor-pen system and other things that we're looking at. holinka }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is it possible that the PvP gear is actually better than the PvP gear because of the PvP gear? Or is it better because of the PvP gear?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PvP gear is better than the PvP gear. holinka }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greetings, I'm Chris Robinson, and today we are taking a look at the new deck from the Mists of Pandaria expansion, the Kobolds and Trolls. This is the first in a series of articles that will delve into the design and implementation of Kobolds and Trolls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing we have to do is make sure that we don't get too much out of the way early. We want the Kobolds and Trolls to be the standard for every class in the game, and we want to keep that feeling. They are definitely going to be a part of the game for a while, but we are also going to have to make sure they aren't too overpowered or overpowered at the same time. For example, there is a buff in the game that increases the health of the Kobolds and Trolls by 15%, but when you kill a Kobold or Troll, it only increases their health by 15%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kobolds and Trolls are also the only class that doesn't have a set set set of abilities, and we don't want to limit their gameplay to a specific set of abilities. We also don't want to create a situation where the Kobolds and Trolls can't play with the other classes because that would be boring. We can see where the Kobolds and Trolls could be fun, but they are going to be fun in the game for a long time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kobolds and Trolls aren't the only class that has an ability set, but they are the only class that has a set of abilities. So, we have to make sure that the Kobolds and Trolls can't just spam the same abilities all the time. They are going to have to have a variety of abilities, but we have to make sure that they aren't overpowered. The Kobolds and Trolls are going to be a bit weaker than the other classes, but they are still going to be a fun class.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, as a Kobolds and Trolls player, I am happy to have a lot of fun, and I am still going to have fun playing the game. However, I am aware that there is some frustration and some confusion about what the game is all about. I am trying to help out with that, so I thought I would start off this article by discussing the Kobolds and Trolls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The latest update to the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm beta client added support for the new 10-player dungeons, and the new 10-player raids. In this article, we're taking a look at the 10-player dungeons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10-Player Dungeons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing that is obvious is that the game is now 10-player, and that means the game is now 10-player. As a result, players will be able to select any difficulty they want to play. If you are a hardcore player, you may not want to do that, but if you are a casual player, you can still play with the friends you already have. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two new 10-player dungeons are:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Black Temple - The Black Temple is a PvP-focused dungeon with a single 10-player dungeon with the option to queue for 10-player mode. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Grom'gar Keep - The Grom'gar Keep is a PvP-focused dungeon with a single 10-player dungeon with the option to queue for 10-player mode. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are only two dungeons in the Cataclysm expansion that are not 10-player. You can see the full list of 10-player dungeons on the official website }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first part of this year's BlizzCon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u174\'AE in Anaheim, California, is here!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re bringing the show back to the Anaheim Convention Center this year, and we\u8217\'92d like to invite you to join us for a great time of year\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and to join us for a great time of year.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in the area and have any questions, please let us know in the comments of this news release. If you\u8217\'92re attending BlizzCon, we\u8217\'92ll be happy to take a look at your tickets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have more information about the BlizzCon in-store soon, so stay tuned!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Tweets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don't overthink it. I'm not going to do the exact opposite. I just think it would be a mistake to have no mana regen or any regen. We're there to balance around. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're always interested to hear feedback about PvP. It's the reason why we don't have a lot of it in the game. We have a lot of ideas we are working on but we don't have anything ready to share just yet. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Misc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do you feel about the Pandemic mechanic in WoW? I'm curious if the people who love it don't think it's a good idea or something that could be changed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a fun mechanic. It's a mechanic that I am very fond of. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'd love to see more examples of guilds that are raiding and the guilds that aren't raiding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We love raiding and we like raids. It's fun for us. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the last couple weeks, a lot of people have been asking us to change the PvP system. It's a big undertaking, so we're still figuring out how to make it work. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warlords of Draenor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the current plan? I've seen a lot of people say it would be fun to raid with but I think it would be a little boring without the warlords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are doing the same thing. We are going to make a raid tier. It's a great idea. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Misc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the current plan for the PvE department? I'm just curious if the PvP department has any plans to change that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are going to have a PvP tier. It's a great idea. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any chance of adding in a new profession like alchemy or smithing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, but we have a lot of ideas for things that we would like to do. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is it that in WoW you guys like to play PvP but don't like to PvP? I am surprised to hear that you guys aren't into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think it's a problem for PvP, but we are concerned about the PvP system in PvP. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is the current PvP system in WoW intended to be an option for all classes or is there some sort of limit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PvP system is meant to be a choice. It's not meant to be a mandatory option. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the current plan for the PvP department? I am curious if it's a new option for everyone or is there some sort of limit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PvP system is meant to be a choice. It's not meant to be a mandatory option. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Misc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have a question about how many people are able to play the beta?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're going to keep the beta open for everyone. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about guilds that only raid and don't raid?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We do want to keep guilds that raid. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the current guild system be able to be changed in the future?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, but we are looking into options. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you have any plans to add in the ability to raid as a tank in the future? I have a couple friends that are tanking, but I don't think they want to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is there any chance we can see the new raid tier for all raid tiers in the future?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have a question about the lore behind the current night elves. I'm really curious about what is the story behind the night elves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The night elves are a part of the Horde. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Misc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any chance of adding in the ability to swap class changes between races?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would be great to do. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the new Frost and Unholy DKs be able to swap class changes?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. WarcraftDev}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Healers can't heal at the moment, but are going to keep an eye on the situation. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LFR/Mythic/Mythic/Mythic/Mythic/Mythic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've seen a lot of players on the forums go on a rant about the healing mechanics. I'm not sure I understand the point of the comment, but I'm also not sure what the intent of the comment was. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Champion's Call}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure how the mechanic works, but it's an interesting idea. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How about I heal a raid and I give the healers a chance to heal a random player?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could probably do that. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What if I heal a raid and the healers have to swap out?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's a nice mechanic. It's a little hard to get your hands on a nice mechanic. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is a heal that is a healer always going to be better than a heal that is a rogue?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We like to give classes a lot of variety, but it's difficult to do that with the way the mechanics work. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If healers were balanced like tanks, would all healers be better than rogues?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's a very interesting concept. It's something we're going to keep an eye on. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem is that healers don't get to choose their spec and don't have any other options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're trying to find ways to make healers more viable. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do you feel a tank is going to play in an 8/8 healer rotation? It seems to me they're more focused on tanks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We think tanks can be a little different in a lot of ways. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A lot of healers think they're the only ones who can heal. They're wrong. They're not the only ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think they're the only ones. We think you can do a lot of different things in a tank. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm curious what would happen if healers were a 4/4 healer rotation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it would be interesting. It's an interesting idea. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you explain how to fix the healing in the encounter? It seems to me the tank just doesn't do enough damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem is that healers don't get to choose their spec and don't have any other options. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would a rogue tank be a better tank?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could argue that there are other tanks that do a lot of damage, but there are also other tanks that are really good at tanking. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm curious if you think druids can do a lot of tanking in a raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They can. I think there are a lot of druids that want to do more damage in a raid. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've heard the tanking meta is getting out of control. I'm thinking of changing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard to change it. There's a lot of changes to be made, but that's a long process. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don't think the tanking meta is a problem? If you're a healer, how can we make it less so?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's a problem. I think there are a lot of healers that would like to do more damage in a raid. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is it the case that you're trying to keep healers as unique as possible in WoW?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think there's a lot of players that want to do more damage in a raid, and that's cool. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about melee DPS? What about Protection DPS?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's a challenge for us to keep tanking cool. We want to make sure there are options. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So I'm thinking of maybe making the tanking talent more interesting in the future?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's a great idea. I think it would be a lot of fun to do that. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you talk a little bit about the way healing is going to be handled in the next major content patch?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think we have some work to do. The raid buff system is going to be a big part of that. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sounds like the healers are going to be really important to the future of WoW.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the players who are interested in raiding want to be able to raid. I think that's a good thing. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've been playing a warrior for about 3 years. I think you're a good example.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the current healing system is a little weak. It's hard for us to get that balance right. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you tell us a little bit about how the new one works? Will it be similar to the current system?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It'll be a lot of different systems. It's not the same system. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Tweets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure why you think it's the 'right' thing to do in PvP, but I am very interested in your thoughts on this one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not a bug, it's just something we have to take into account when designing abilities for PvP. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 any thoughts on having the new PvP gear cost the same as the old PvP gear? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a trade-off, but it's something we think the community would be interested in. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you explain how you guys feel that PvP gear is 'worth it' to a non-player?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the way PvP gear is valued is a big part of why we think PvP is such a fun game. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is it the same for PvE and PvP gear?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's worth it to PvE gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any plans to introduce any kind of PvP gear rewards to the new PvP gear?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're interested in the idea, but it's not something we're sure we'd like to do. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about PvP gear for PvE gear? It's a different thing for PvP gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think PvP gear should be worth the same as PvP gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any thoughts on keeping the PvP gear for PvP gear? It's a different thing for PvE gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We think PvP gear should be worth the same as PvE gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about PvP gear for PvP gear? It's a different thing for PvP gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We think PvP gear should be worth the same as PvP gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why can't we just remove the PvP gear from the PvP gear? I like PvP gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We think PvP gear is a good way to reward players who are active in PvP. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate PvP gear. It's not that I dislike PvP, but I just hate the way it's being used to justify a system that's supposed to be designed to be fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate the way PvP gear is being used to justify a system that's supposed to be fun. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you guys get your gear nerfed, it will be a lot harder for everyone to get it back to normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'd be very surprised if it's an issue. We're trying to make sure we're not over-nerfing. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about PvP gear for PvP gear? It's a different thing for PvP gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a good thing to get PvP gear for PvE gear, but we don't think it's a good thing to get PvP gear for PvP gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would you guys like to see PvP gear be equalized or make it a non-factor?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We'd like to make PvP gear equal for PvP and PvE. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP gear is a little outdated. Why not make it equal for PvE gear?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a good thing to have in PvP gear. It's a bad thing to have in PvE gear. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have a problem with PvP gear. It's a lot of work to get it right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't think PvP gear is the problem. It's the players who are putting the effort in. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the PvP gear ever be equal for PvE gear?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How will PvP gear be affected by the nerf? It was always equal in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think PvP gear is the problem. It's the players who are putting the effort in. Celest}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have been doing this for years, and it's been working out great for us. We're not doing it for WoD, but we're definitely trying to keep it in mind when deciding when to do it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [...] We think the Lich King raid is still in great shape, and we're still going to be doing it for a long time. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think a lot of players are curious what the Lich King was like in the past, but I think that's a little bit of a different thing. The story of the Lich King is a lot of fun to tell. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about the Garrosh encounter? I think the concept of a 'Garrosh' is a bit over the top. It was a very big change to the Lich King, but it's still a pretty cool encounter. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you explain what happened to the Fel Flame nerf? I don't know the spell that's being nerfed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Fel Flame was a buff to the Discipline and Shadow specialization. It was removed because it wasn't very fun to play. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any idea what's the reasoning behind the nerf to the Breach Talent? It was nerfed because it was the only talent that really did anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The talent wasn't really fun to play, and was nerfed because it was overpowered. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm confused about the nerf to Shadow's Arcane Shot. I think it was nerfed because it was too powerful. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP Gear and PvP Gear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think that's a problem. We don't think we need to be concerned about the fact that there's not enough gear to buy or to get to the end of the season.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In general, we don't think players should be forced to spend their time in PvP for gear. I can see that some players are concerned about this, but I think that's a pretty good discussion to have. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP Gear and PvP Gear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm curious if you guys would agree that the PvP gear system has gone too far?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PvP gear system is a good thing for the game, and for the community. I think the same goes for the PvP gear system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's a little weird that you guys are so obsessed with this and I'm not. I think there are plenty of players}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's an interesting conversation, but it's hard to know how much it has to do with how you're trying to work as a team, and how much it has to do with how the game is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's a great conversation and I think the team is trying to find that balance. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As you have noted, the healers in the raid are doing too much healing, and the healing in the raid is too low. Is there anything that can be done to get the raid back to being close to the ideal?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're trying to find that balance. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to tell what the ideal is. We\u8217\'92re not perfect, but I think we have the ability to find that balance. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems to me that the nerf to healing in 5.4 is a deliberate one, to make the raid feel more punishing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The raid nerf was part of the tuning process. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 why not nerf Feral Shaman's taming in 10% dps to compensate for the lack of taming talent?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think it's a big deal. We think it's a really fun ability. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are we going to see a new talent for Shapeshift in WoD?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's a cool idea. We just need to figure out how to make it fit. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is it that hunters are still able to do all their damage while tanking?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because they're a lot more fun in PvP. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the difference between the 2 new Blackout Kick, it's still a stupid ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a dumb ability. We're trying to get to the point where we don't need it. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you give us a hint as to when we can expect to see the new Shaman spell, Wild Mushroom?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's in the game files. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tanks in PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are trying to bring tanks into PvP. This includes:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tanking in PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tanks in PvP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the Vampiric Touch nerf be in a similar place as it is in PvP?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a recent blog post, I mentioned that the next major content patch is going to be the first in a series of content patches we are working on. I also mentioned that we have a lot of exciting things in the pipeline, and I have to admit that the new expansion has gotten me thinking about how the game has evolved since then.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm also thinking about the future of WoW. I don't want to go into any detail about what that means, but I do want to take a moment to share a few thoughts that I have been having since the release of Cataclysm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cataclysm was a game that was built with the idea that the game would be an online game. It was an idea that we had to be able to bring to the world, and it was an idea that we had to be able to bring to the game. The first expansion, Wrath of the Lich King, was the first expansion that showed us that this was a possibility. The second expansion, Cataclysm, was the second expansion that showed us that the game was an online game. The third expansion, Mists of Pandaria, was the third expansion that showed us that the game was an online game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not going to go into the specifics of what the next expansion is going to be, but I do want to make a few points. First, we are continuing to work on making the game better. As the game continues to evolve, it's important for players to have the tools they need to keep playing the game, but at the same time, they are also worried about the game's future. The new expansion is a great opportunity for us to take a step back and look at the past, and to see what we could have done to make the game better.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Second, we have a lot of new ideas for the game. We're excited to share them with you, but we also have a lot of ideas for the game that we're working on right now. The new expansion is a great opportunity to go back and see what we can do to improve the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Third, we are looking to bring more of our own ideas to the game. We're always looking for ways to improve the game, and we hope you'll join us in this effort.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fourth, the game has changed a lot over the years. We're always looking for ways to improve the game, and we're looking forward to sharing those ideas with you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifth, I'm sure there are a lot of great ideas for the game, and it's not going to be easy. We're just here to share the cool stuff, and hopefully we can help you have a good time with the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And now, I'm just going to share a couple of my thoughts on how we have evolved the game over the years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game is very different than it was when we started the development of the game. We have a lot of great ideas and we've always been working on them, but I'm just going to share a couple of examples that show that the game is evolving a lot more than it was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, we introduced the concept of player versus player, and we added the idea of questing to the game. We also introduced the concept of questing, and we introduced the concept of the quests system, and we added the concept of leveling up, and we added the concept of PvP. We added the concept of quests, and we added the concept of PvP, and we added the concept of the item system. We also added the concept of reputation, and we added the concept of gold, and we added the concept of reputation, and we added the concept of the guild system. We added the concept of the item system, and we added the concept of the quests system. We also added the concept of the quest system, and we added the concept of the guild system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We also introduced the concept of the auction house, and we added the concept of the auction house. We also added the concept of the guild system, and we added the concept of the dungeons system. We also added the concept of the item system, and we added the concept of the PvP system. We also added the concept of the dungeons system, and we added the concept of the PvP system. We also added the concept of the PvP system, and we added the concept of the PvP system. We also added the concept of the quest system, and we added the concept of the PvP system. We also added the concept of the dungeon system, and we added the concept of the PvP system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm sure that the game has evolved over the years, but we are still here and we are still working on making the game better.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new expansion is the first one that shows us that we are moving the game forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have a lot of cool ideas for the game, and I can't really share anything, but I can tell you that the game}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well we're doing a lot of things wrong. Maybe we can fix it, maybe we can't fix it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's important to keep in mind that we're trying to fix it, but it's hard to do that in a way that doesn't make things worse. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character / Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the point of the crafting system? I'd hate to be a slave to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'd hate to be a slave to it. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard has some very interesting things in store for the new expansion. They are working on a new way to track the number of players that have purchased a zone or a zone from a given realm. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the new system will only work for the current expansion, it's being designed to work on future content, such as World of Warcraft: Legion. It's still a work in progress, so there is a lot of work to be done before we can see it in game. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the meantime, the new system will work for all the current expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is the War Campaign a way to make the faction feel more unique?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is. But if you're going to make it, we'd like to make it a bit more. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I just got an email from a friend of mine asking if I can start playing w/o having to spend money. I'm like... I'm not sure if I want to do that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game is broken and there's a lot of players out there who are trying to fix it. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: What do you think is the biggest challenge for a character in the early stages of a level 90 character?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We don't have any specific examples to share just yet, but we would like to share some of the reasons why we feel that certain skills and talents are less popular than others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, talent specialization is a big part of the reason why we're not doing a "holy paladin" spec. We like to keep it as a choice, but we think it makes the game feel more like a lot of "holy paladin" players are still going to want to do the class. The class specialization system we're working on is a big part of that, and we like the way it feels. It's a cool idea, but it's one that we're not sure we're ready to commit to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We do like the idea of specialization. It's an interesting idea, but it's one that doesn't fit the gameplay we want to have. It's something that we're constantly looking at, but it's one that isn't as easy as just throwing in a bunch of talents. We have some ideas that are coming up for how we'd like to make that happen, but they're not finished, and we're still working on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: What do you think is the biggest challenge for a class in a raid?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We like the idea of the tanking class, and we think it's a cool concept. It's not a problem we're solving, but we are working on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Tweets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is it just me or is this just the first step in an "all-new" system?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's a great idea. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warlords of Draenor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Does this mean we will see an update to the PTR soon?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not sure about that. It'll be up for a while. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, I think the release of the new expansion is the first step of a new system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, it'll be up for a while. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about the talent tree? Will we see any more changes or do we have to wait?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, you will see a lot more. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any chance we'll see more of the Artifact Power system in WoD?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. We'll have to wait and see how it goes. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am confused as to why the nerf to raid buff for Druids is being removed in Warlords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nerf to the debuff was not because of raid buff. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why the nerf to Shadow Priests? The nerf to Shadow was because of the nerf to the AoE damage in WoD.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The AoE damage was too good. It was too good for the nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any reason the nerf to Shadow was removed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the AoE damage was too good. It was too good for the nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can't imagine you guys are happy with the nerf to Shadow. I have always found it fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't think it was a great design. It was a mistake. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do we get so many new classes in the expansion?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We like to keep classes balanced. We don't want to add a bunch of new ones. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new models are very nice. It's just a shame they're all just so boring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We love the new models, but they just don't fit the game. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the plan to fix this? I feel like every time I look at the new models they're like a new one}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We like the new models, but they just don't fit the game. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do the Druids get a nerf in the expansion? I love the flavor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flavor is great. It's just that it's just not in the game. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How much work do you guys do to balance the new trees? I'm confused on how it'll be balanced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a huge challenge. We need a lot of help. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why did the Balance changes take so long to make? It was a major nerf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a major nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why did the Balance changes take so long to make? It was a major nerf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a major nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 why is the Feral Druid nerfed in the expansion? I love it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's just a nerf. It's not a nerf, it's a nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do we get so many new classes in the expansion? I love the new models.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's just a nerf. It's not a nerf, it's a nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are you removing the Druid talent tree? Its a great talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because we think it's too hard to balance. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are we removing the Druid talent tree? Its a great talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not a nerf, it's a nerf. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can we get any more details on the new leveling system?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a leveling system. It'll be much easier to work with. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will the new leveling system work on player level 100+ or will it be mandatory?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the new leveling system, what will we be able to earn?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You'll be able to earn a level 100+ character for free. WarcraftDevs }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is the leveling system being removed from the game?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because we don't think it's a good way for the game to have to constantly adjust and change to keep pace with player activity. WarcraftDevs   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}