{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a][v1.0.11]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [War for Azeroth]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battle for Azeroth Campaign is now available on the Season 2 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       end-of-season currency, Warlords Marks of Honor, which can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       spent to upgrade a mount to level 110. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mists of Pandaria] Season 2 Finishers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Gift of the Naaru] can now be spent to upgrade a mount to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             level 110.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Gift of the Naaru] can now be spent to upgrade a mount that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             already has a level of 110 to give to a new player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Blacksmithing profession has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Cooking profession has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alchemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Archaeology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All rare quality items that once again require level 40+ have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       upgraded to level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Archaeology finds have been added to the game. Players now need to hunt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       down thousands of artifacts to acquire a single find.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Archaeology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All rare quality items that once again require level 40+ have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       upgraded to level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blacksmithing finds have been added to the game. Players now need to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hunt down thousands of artifacts to acquire a single find.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Artifact Weapons - Weapon enhancements obtained via the previous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       daily quest line have been retroactively granted to player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       level 1 characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Cooking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The drop rate for [Greater Than Human] recipes has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Greater Than Human dishes have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage bonus granted by Rank 4 Advanced Micro Devices has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increased to 20%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The amount of the [Fused Wiring] found on any given day has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increased by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Inscription}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level requirements have been reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Insignia of the Alliance] and [Insignia of the Horde] have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       updated with Insignia requirements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Insignia of the Martyr] found on most characters now requires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       level 40 Insignia of the Alliance or 50 Insignia of the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added new item: [Insignia of the Templar], usable by all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       characters on a account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fishing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The daily catch of any given species of fish has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 10, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The number of fish that can be caught from a single trip to Sea Gate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       has been increased to approximately 20, up from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dragonbreath Fish] now has a chance to drop a [Felsnout],}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       which can be used to start a new [Reins of the Reins of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blackwing Lair].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      We now have the time to address some issues that cropped up during the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       pre-Mists of Pandaria transition. In Patch 8.2.5a, we had the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       opportunity to add some additional Azerite power to the game, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        in doing so, inadvertently added some additional complexity to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        game. The intent with this change was to add additional layers of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        defense against potential Blizzard DDoS attacks. Unfortunately, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        result was undesirable. We chose to add these powers in a way that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        mitigates the complexity by providing a more intuitive, but also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        secure, way to do battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       In order to achieve this, we decided to remove the ability for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        raid bosses to benefit from Azerite powers. This left us with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        option to add another layer of defense against Blizzard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        DDoS attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Additional layers of defense can be easily obtained by mixing and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           matching raid items with each other. However, it is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           extremely difficult to do so, and we don't think it's a fun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           business.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * We decided to combine the two existing layers of defense}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by adding a new class of Raid Items that is available at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the start of each season. Players can earn the [Battle for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Pandaria] title by defeating random pre-Mists of Pandaria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           raid bosses that are available from the start of Season 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Additional Raid Items that can be earned from Mists of Pandaria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           bosses that are available from the start of Season 2 are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           constantly being rolled out over the course of the season.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           These items are awarded from a random pre-Mists of Pandaria boss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           that are available from the start of the preseason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We also made a few adjustments to how Raid Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        difficulty is now set. The first is to adjust the difficulty of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        Raid Finder so that it does a better job of balancing the number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        possible wins. This should provide a smoother and more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        balanced experience for both casual and hardcore players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Season 1 Raid Finder difficulties can be obtained by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           joining the instance halfway through the game, completing the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           instance quests, and then}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           choosing to redeem the Raid Finder version for a chance at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           obtaining the item that would've gone to the previous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Mists of Pandaria raid boss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Season 2 Raid Finder difficulties can be obtained by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           joining the instance halfway through the game,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           completing the instance quests, and then}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           choosing to redeem the Raid Finder version for a chance at}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a] [85M] The Battle for Gilneas, a new expansion to World of Warcraft, is now available. Patch 8.2.5a is a massive, eight-part raid content patch that includes new raid bosses, new items, and more!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator] \endash  Attack power scaling increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Gladiator's Bloodletting now deals additional damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gladiator's Splinter] now deals additional damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Unstoppable Force] no longer causes players to gain threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Unstoppable Rage] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Unbreakable Will] now reduces damage taken by 50% (previously it reduced damage taken by 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Innervate] now costs 5 mana, and has a 6 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonfire] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starsurge] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wrath] cost increased to 45 energy (was 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Moonfire] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Feral Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Feral druids now gain 5% reduced movement speed in addition to their base movement speed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starsurge] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Shot] mana cost increased to 8% of base mana (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Burrow Attack], [Scatter Shot], [Scorpid Sting] now deal 5% reduced damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to nearby targets (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scorpid Sting] now deals 5% reduced damage to nearby targets (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Avenging Wrath] and [Divine Plea] are now available to all paladins at level 80, and increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    healing done by 2% (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Plea] duration increased to 8 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hand of Sacrifice] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Righteousness] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Vengeance] is now a level 68 talent, replacing Hand of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Sacrifice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Righteousness] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Templar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage done by most Templar abilities has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Consecration] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crusader Strike] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Crusader Strike is now available at level 46 (was 45).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hand of Sacrifice] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Righteousness] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Vengeance] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Righteousness] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Beacon of Light] now has a 20 second duration (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALAD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5c]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The World of Warcraft: Cataclysm cinematic trailer has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Cataclysm world event dungeon achievement " [Abandoned Assets]" now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       requires that the character's last boss be from the Cataclysm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       world event dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The achievement " [The Lasting Gratitude] " should now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       available as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The achievement " [Unleashed Rage] " should now be available at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the completion of the Cataclysm world event dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       " [42] Cataclysm".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The achievement " Cataclysm: Season 2 " should now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       obtainable once per week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The achievement " [The Final Task] " should now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       obtainable once per week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WORLD ENVIRONMENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight paths from Cataclysmic Rift, Siege of Orgrimmar,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Cataclysmic King's Rest, and Cataclysmic Strand have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    redesigned to be either single- or multi-flight paths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Horde flight paths from Cataclysmic Rift, Siege of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Orgrimmar, Cataclysmic King's Rest, and Cataclysmic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Strand have been changed to have either a single or a multi-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    flight path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Alliance flight paths from Cataclysmic Rift, Siege of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Orgrimmar, Cataclysmic King's Rest, and Cataclysmic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Strand have been changed to have either a single or a multi-flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several flight paths from Cataclysmic Rift, Siege of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Orgrimmar, Cataclysmic King's Rest, and Cataclysmic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Strand have been modified to be either single- or multi-flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    paths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Horde flight paths from Cataclysmic Rift, Siege of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Orgrimmar, Cataclysmic King's Rest, and Cataclysmic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Strand have been modified to have either a single or a multi-flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In the game world, the world map has been divided into 4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    main sections: North, South, East, and West.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mini-map has been split into 4 mini-panes: a minifigure world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    area, a flying over world, a world view, and a world map panes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new option to display player health/damage has been added to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Game Menu. This option can be found in the top right corner of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Game Menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new option to display players rating/guild reputation has been added to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Game Menu. This option can be found in the top right corner of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Game Menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The guild interface has been changed to a Guild View. Players can now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    access this view while mounted, sitting, or in any other position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to browse the world map while mounted if}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    desired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to browse the world map while sitting,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or in any other position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A chat bubble has been added to the top right corner of the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now browse the world map while mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A chat bubble has been added to the top right corner of the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now see the world map while sitting if they have /bTalk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Mode enabled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A chat bubble has been added to the top right corner of the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now see their level in the world map while sitting if}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    desired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to see their guild rank in the world map while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    traveling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Last Known Standing" button has been removed from the World Map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Last Known Bounty" button has been removed from the World Map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Last Known Freighter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Hotfixes }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * The [Soul Harvest] talent now works correctly in [Mythic Keystone]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               encounters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Several item quality issues with item level have been resolved}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  in Mythic Keystone encounters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Fixed an issue where the [Frostweave Boots] had an incorrect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Fixed an issue where the [Jagged Spaulders] had an incorrect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Legion Raid Item Previews are available. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * See the new Legion Raid Item Previews section for more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Legion Raid Item Previews are available to play through the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               end-of-run Bonus Event after the game has been launched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All existing items that are crafted at a Proficiency level of 450 or higher are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    available for purchase from Artisan Tailoring, and can be transmogrified to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Proficiency levels of 450 or higher once the transmogrification has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    complete.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mana cost of all healing spells and abilities has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Healing spells and abilities have been improved to provide more consistent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    benefit to the caster.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARCHAEOLOGY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Archaeology fragments now grant a random chance to award a buff that substantially}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases your chance to hit with spells and abilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACKSMITHING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Blacksmithing discipline now grants increased success chance on items that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    require Blacksmithing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COOKING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Cooking discipline now grants increased success chance on items that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    require Cooking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENGINEERING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineers can now engineer the perfect transport for their team to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    complete a single, highly technical and time-consuming quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JEWELCRAFTING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level requirement to gain the required materials required for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purchase of the [Reins of the Black Lotus] have been reduced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MINING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level requirement to gain the required materials required for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purchase of the [Reins of the Black Lotus] have been reduced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TECHNICAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The game now supports resolutions up to 4K, and the minimum system requirements have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Support for new UI features is now available.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following Battlegrounds have been added: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Strand of the Ancients}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Alterac Valley}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Warsong Gulch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Stranglethorn Vale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GRAPHICS ENGINE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Supports new video modes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fullscreen, which displays the game engine in fullscreen mode, with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       additional features, for advanced users;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Option II, which displays the game engine in a window with additional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           advanced features;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mythic Keystone Dungeon bosses in Stormrage now have a chance to drop}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    additional items.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All existing items that are crafted at a Proficiency level of 450 or higher are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    available for purchase from Artisan Tailoring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}