{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World Of Warcraft:  [Forsaken Wastes]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Terminus Oculatus]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chalice Of Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzenblitz }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short time ago we introduced you to the concept of a "turbo charge", whereby a player's powers and abilities temporarily increase in efficiency by applying a small amount of additional damage or healing to an already-existing effect on the target. Today we're introducing you to the concept of a "turbo-honor charge", whereby when demonstrating mastery of a role, your auto-attack hits an additional nearby target for a large damage bonus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, these two changes represent the first step toward what we hope to see in World of Warcraft: instant, automatic, customizable, peer-to-peer damage and healing. While we still have lots of work to do in order to fully realize this vision, we can at least say that it's a start.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EDITOR'S NOTE: This article discusses an ongoing topic within the World of Warcraft development team. We'd like to hear your thoughts on the subject. Please send suggestions to the forum administrator.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mark of Arthas, a rare quality invitation, has been added to existing Mark of Arthas instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD BOSSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Arthas and his men have breached the Dark Portal, the Lich King's forces have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 turned the dangerous dungeon into a veritable war zone. With the help of the demon hunters of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arathi Highlands, the Alliance and Horde have begun scouting the Kun-Lai}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and have begun sending reinforcements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS: BLACKMAUL STONE AND MAGTHERIDON INCURSION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning Crusade and its demonic minions have taken the Black Isle of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magtheridon and its monstrous minions out to investigate. The Horde and Alliance have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 made great strides in stopping the demonic invasion, and now the Burning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Spores have begun to take advantage of these gains.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Burning Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Burning Crusade dungeon bosses now have a chance to drop new, unique items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Burning Crusade faction rewards for defeating bosses in this content have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chances of a boss dropping an item dropped in a region with this dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dungeon boss have increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop an item dropped in a region with this dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       boss boss has decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Depths}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands, has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon maps have been added to Eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Spire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands is now 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon maps have been added to Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon bosses have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Slag Bag}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Maraudon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon bosses have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackwing Descent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon boss added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Stranglethorn Vale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLIZZARD BATTLE DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The titanic Blizzenblitz battle has begun. As battle rages across Azeroth, few can challenge the might of the Technocrats or their fearsome master, Azeroth's Mightiest. But in the Blizzenblitz Arena stands a daring challenge: enter the arena and defeat fearsome opponents in   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /// //// Classic Parody ?? // // }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FROST TUNNEL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Frost Tunes Expedition has taken a foothold in the Scholomance and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oblivion Hold. Players can now take the quest, " [53] Frost Tunes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " and complete the quest to gain access to the Heart of Azeroth" in order to access this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new zone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: MOUNT DWARF}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle against invading forces, including the fearsome Count Darrow, in the depths of Dalaran}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has arrived a new raid featuring a host of new and exciting content. Players will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take the fight to Dalaran, and your reputation will soar!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battle for Darrow's lair}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran's largest city, Darrowshire, will become accessible in this new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 level 70 raid dungeon, and players will take the fight to Darrowshire, and all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of its secrets and treasures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: Lord Darrow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This new level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowshire rise}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and spread their influence throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Alliance and Horde will help challengers of Darrowstrasza rise and spread their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 contribution throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Afterlife}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and spread their influence throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Stranglethorn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Stratholme}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Wailing Caverns}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Maw of Darrow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE FATHER OF THE PARRIMATRAVEN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder - This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-Long-Bearded One. Carrion-Long-Bearded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE GREAT RUINS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD In this new raid, players will have the opportunity to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fight for captured transports and ultimately, the legendary Battle-Stones of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Armshock. These mighty weapons could bring great power and glory to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 all of Azeroth!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Divine Intervention] achievement has been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE FOURTH JACKET}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the wake of the Great War, the Alliance and the Horde have begun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 converting their land into a sprawling industrial zone known as Dazar'alor, where they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will work together to create an entirely new kind of steel-domed city. These}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 are people who have been called by the Alliance to help them rebuild their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nation, and they want you to be one of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first step in this process is to secure the location of Dazar'alor for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, you'll be able to find allies such as Highlord Kazzak and the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naxxramas in the Dazar'alor area (the latter of which is to the northwest of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zul Tiras).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're pleased to announce that the new system for Battle for Azeroth has been implemented. Battle for Azeroth is a free-to-play experience that takes the elements of a raid group \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD solo or in a party \u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD and creates a fully fleshed-out, fully-realized}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 battle for the battleground. Battle for Azeroth will be available in all major game versions starting at level 90}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and will be available in both Normal and Raid difficulty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CREATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mermaid-inspired creatures that line the beaches of Kalimdor and Eastern Kingdoms now have an option to transform their waterlogged corpses into beautiful new mounts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  BATTLE OF MOUNT HYJAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Team Avatar is back at the Battle of Mount Hyjal, offering a new set of challenges and a unique opportunity to prove who is the best Tank in the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new PvP challenge, 'Mull Tide,' is a quick-and-dirty version of the traditional 5 vs. 5 matchup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Get to the Battle of Mount Hyjal in style as you take on the roles of a Support or an Admiral. While you're on the clock, no one will dare to step out of line of sight!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Just when you thought you had seen the last of the Black Knight, he graces you with a vengeance\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u166\'A6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Your exploits as a tanking Battle Pet have been noticed by the Alliance and they are in need of your services once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You are now considered a Half-Giant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Vortex Pinnacle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Atop the Shardmind Titan, players can soar through the clouds, alfonso...unless they're in a place that Lady Vengeance doesn't approve of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Talent Backline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sethekk Ravenguard has returned to Shadowmoon Valley, where he can be found guarding the Dark Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The mysterious and powerful known as the Twisting Nether herself has been spotted in Shadowmoon Valley, where she and the Legion's anchor, Ahune, might find a peaceful home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iron Horde invasion of Kalimdor has already begun. As war breaks out across Draenor, many heroes find themselves thrust into the middle of an epic new conflict. But the heroes of Darkshore are not your enemies. Ranks 1-3 of the War for Darkshore raid content are pre-made groups meant to provide an introduction to the raid before jumping into any given boss encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Darkshore, Arthas and Azeroth are now represented by emblems crafted by Inventors Tyler and Ryan Skiles. These new vendors will craft team-colored versions of the standard issue battle pets for your race.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEMPEST KEEP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas Sunstrider's Fiery Speed has been increased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas' Fear now has a brief countdown before it is cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Scorching Breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Astral Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Collapsing Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Broken Slicer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Vortex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Nether Vortex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Destructive Reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Mortal Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfire Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall/Shadowflame Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall/Shadowflame Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now suffers less from his own damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: APPEAR ONLINE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you log out of World of Warcraft, you'll see an overlay that shows all of your teammates and you can be sure that everyone will be getting a link when they visit your profile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: GI JEWEL CUSTOMER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create and customize a pair of cufflinks with the ability to appear on any World of Warcraft World Boss. Available in Black, Grey, and Gold. Notify your friends about the new addition by sending them the Raid Finder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: HEARTHSTONE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearthstone is a new collectible item that can be purchased with gold from Gallywix in Dalaran. It's impossible to get, but surely it'll turn out well for all involved!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: IRON TRIANGLE OPTIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you're ready to strike, you can now right-click any World Boss to place an item of Shinyium Magnets to make it happen. Think about it: placing an item of Shinyium Magnets to a World Boss is, indeed, an experience-enhancing action!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: MOUNTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now available are the ability to wear special mounts in your off-duty outfits. While in one of the game's three racial archetypes (Human, Orc, or Tauren), you'll be able to represent your faction in the Mount or Stand Up specializations. You can learn more about these new options in our recent forum post.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: FOOTNOTES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you're standing on one of eight special platforms above the ground, you can emit a powerful signal that appears above the heads of all players in the area, telling them that you're fine and are back at work. Affects Battle for Azeroth and Battle for Gilneas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: HALLOW'S END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're thrilled at the reception this event has received. Not only have we had many requests for this endgame endgame gear, but many players have been incredibly kind and generous with their suggestions of which unique alternate methods they might use to get to Halloween's end. In addition to all of the above, there's been a special Halloween event in Stormwind this last weekend that involved trick-or-treating. Thanks!}}