{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While more quilboar trickling in through the vents are running around, you need to put them to a stop if you want the drops. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You start out in a quilboar cave with the Quilboar, and the sounds of a massive battle erupting from the cave floor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you arrive at the Quilboar, you have to defeat a lot of them to get rid of the Quilboar's tail. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar tail}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will have to fight all the Quilboar to the end of the cave to get the Quilboar tail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They make a lot of noise, and it takes a long time to get rid of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you have trouble killing the Quilboar, you can use the Water Rod or Mangle Rods to get rid of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar are weak to melee attacks, and they will take a lot of damage from melee attacks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar are extremely slow to move, so it is more difficult to take them down than a lot of the other enemies in the game. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very smart and also have a lot of long ranged attacks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can be kind of annoying, since they can chase you around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They also use their horns a lot, since they are very sensitive to players. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar are limited in their movement speed because of their horns, so you need to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can take out a lot of Quilboar with the Water Rod or Mangle Rods. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very hard to kill, so you should use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods frequently to get rid of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar have some health problems, but you can usually get rid of them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are really smart as well, so you have to beat them by doing a lot of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly at a very high altitude, but you can't get them up high enough to fly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly, but they can't use their wings, so you need to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to get rid of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very hard to kill, so you have to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to get rid of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar are very slow to move, so you need to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar are really smart and also have a lot of long ranged attacks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can be annoying because they can chase you around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly very high and also use their horns a lot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very slow to move, so you need to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very smart and also have a lot of long ranged attacks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very slow to move, so you have to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly as well, but they can't use their wings, so you have to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly very high and use their horns a lot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very slow to move, so use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar have a lot of health problems, but they can usually be killed quickly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very smart and smart as well, so you can usually get rid of them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are very slow to move, so you can use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very slow to move, and use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are very slow to move, and use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly very high and use their horns a lot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Quilboar can fly, but they can't use their wings, so you have to use the Water Rods or Mangle Rods to move them around. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quilboar are smart as well, so you can beat them by doing a lot of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}