{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Terran Gregory, any hints for anything that will be in the cinematics after the events of the war campaign tomorrow, any hints for what will happen to the alliance, the horde, the void, the old gods and sylvanas? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In preparation for the War Campaign, Draenor has seen a drastic increase in both defense and offense, with much of the former zone now belonging to the opposing faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * As the conflict between the Horde and the Alliance continues unabated, all players will now find themselves with all of their assigned starting zones set at their initial preferences, with a single "accept" button for the entire campaign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Learn more about how the War Campaign will work in our blog titled: Patch 8.2.5 \endash  The Alliance Vs. The Horde: The Alliance Wins!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Additionally, for those realms that did not choose to participate in the War Campaign, players will now be able to opt out of the conflict by visiting their respective Troll, Gnome, or Orc camps and accepting the "Defend" tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Forbearance" option can also be selected while in a raid, and will cause the offending race to be excused from the conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Gnomish Racial "Hardiness" ability is now noted in the combat log, and can be seen by both the tank and the healer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Gnomish Overpower" ability is now properly penalized when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Might Of The Many" achievement for obtaining 5 PvP trinkets has been reset to award rank 3 gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Unbridled Fury" achievement for obtaining 100 non-combat pet reports has been reset to award rank 1 gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 NEW FEATURE: FACTION LIST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * This is a new feature for playing World of Warcraft that allows players to mark all of their available faction slots on their action bars for quick and easy access. This will help players who have limited time or resources to dedicate to all ten supported factions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To access the new FACTION LIST, players must select a faction from the list in the UI, then click the "Faction" tab at the bottom of the list. From there, players can mark all of the available faction slots for a zone, allowing them to quickly and easily group with other players of the same faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * FACTION GUILDS are now available. Players may join as many as three factions from a single action bar. Players may be in a group for a given faction at a time, but only on a limited number of actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The titanic six-headed ogre was inspired by the titanic tiger from the Japanese anime series Naruto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The blood elf homeland of Pandaria was inspired by the continent of Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Legendary item-making trainers Lavala and Festivus now offer their services again for the price of one [Truefaith] and one [Felsteel Stave].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * High Priest Rohan now offers [Truefaith] and [Felsteel Stave] as a third-party transaction, similar to the [Honor Points] system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Looting bind-on-equip items from Classic through The Burning Crusade now has a new confirmation dialog to make it clear who is receiving the item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * You can now confirm a [Detonate Magic] when you cast a spell by clicking the spell icon in the spellbook. Detonate Magic is a new spell that was added in Patch 8.2.5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If you discover an epic item that uses an ability that was not planned for it, you'll be able to re-spec the item using the reagent previously used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If an epic item has been looted off of a pre-Burning Crusade item and you have one of the pre-Burning Crusade items, you can still use that item until November 13, 2019.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Items that have been looted off of previous expansions of World of Warcraft but not made available through the game will continue to be made available through expansions that were released prior to the date that the item is obtained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If an item has been looted off of an existing account and you have a character that's already on an existing account, you can log off and on to that account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Purchasing a group membership from an existing character will provide party members with a confirmation dialogue to allow them to join the party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters that have completed the achievement: Getting to the Top of the Orc/Troll Racial Mounts will be automatically moved to the proper tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Moving a character that's online at the same time as another character that's online will no longer cause the first character to be moved out of the respective tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Burning Legion has been incredibly patient and kind as they have waited for the perfect invasion of Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The betrayal of Cenarius by the Zandalari has been slowly but surely becoming more and more painful to behold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sylvanas propagated Hatiya's [sic] little snake a few weeks too soon, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Also included in the patch are:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Patch 8.2.5 includes a full explanation of why the Warfront is held annually in the Siege of Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Nine Months after the Warlords of Draenor launch, the Alliance is still reeling from the events of the Warlords of Draenor raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Six Months after the Warlords of Draenor raid, Tito now has a new grudge on Kalimdor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Rumors of a possible invasion of Kalimdor persist, fueled by the titanic beasts that have emerged from the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * World of Warcraft: Cataclysm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The continent of Pandaria lies within the Cataclysm event. It is the year 2108 and the sea monsters have finally managed to infiltrate the Royal Palace of Pandaria. A fierce war is raging in the seas around the Kingdom of the Legion with no sign of the invaders being deterred by any of the great feats of the past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Siege of Orgrimmar is set in the year 2108 and the war between the Horde and the Alliance continues. Many great heroes have fallen to the monsters of Orgrimmar, but a lone hero remains standing. The battle for the city of Light's supremacy will be won only when the heroes reach the fabled Sanctum of Ordos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The colossal monsters that have emerged from the shadows of the Undercity have been scaled to match the height of Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Steelshaper Ironforge has opened a new canals for trade that will open up new routes for Cataclysm trade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * High Priest Rohan is now properly credited a statue and given proper maintenance costs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new Inn has been added to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Shaman is now available to all players at level 60 (previously at level 100).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Lightning Overload] has been removed and replaced with Lesser Healing Wave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mental Quickness] has been removed and replaced with Healing Surge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Acid Shock] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Acid Spray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Healing Storm] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Healing Rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Hidden Mastery] no longer prevents [Secret Mastery] from being removed, and can now be activated to remove Hidden Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor] now reduces the duration of damage taken by 15 seconds, instead of its previous effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Wrath] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Blazing Speed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mental Quickness] now has a 100% chance to activate from [Seed of Knowledge] and [Seed of Harvest], and a 2/4/6% chance to activate from [Mental Quickness] when using a Seed of Knowledge or [Seed of Harvest].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Repentance] now reduces the duration of damage taken by 15 seconds, instead of its previous effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Shifting Nature] now causes [Shifting Nature] to reduce the movement impairing effects of [Nature's Grasp] in addition to its previous effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Tar Trap] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Whirling Deflection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of the Hidden Master] now increases the effect of [Hidden Master] by 3/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of the White Tiger]'s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * WarcraftPipe - A feature that allows players to anonymously post game information and screenshots on Twitter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ghost Streams are now off by default, though they can be enabled in the Interface Options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For the Legion expansion, we re-used the same Eternal Flame system that was in place prior to Patch 8.2.5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For a list of changes made with regards to the Warcraft PVP system, please visit the official Warcraft website.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The race classes have received several major changes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Death knights have had their hit points reduced to beef up their survivability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Druids now have auras that stabilize their group. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of Enduring Infection] now reduces the magic damage taken of diseases by 25% instead of its Old World counterpart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Outbreak] is a new 3-point talent that increases the duration of [Enduring Infection] by 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Shifting Demise] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Will] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Eternal Rest] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Non-tank class buffs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Mages who have learned how to use [Slow] while in [Ice] form now deal seven times the normal damage for their slow duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Priests who have learned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hey! Josh Allen we felt that you might have some anecdotes to share about your shaman in anticipation for the end of the war campaign tomorrow! Any insights or comments? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Before we talk about tomorrow's content update, there's a quick note about our plans for the future. Our biggest complaint with Warlords of Draenor so far has been that it felt like a 'starter' expansion instead of a full 3-part content package. Part of what makes Warlords of Draenor unique is that it's not a typical 'starter' for a MMORPG. That being said, we still like that there's a chance for new players to stumble upon the game during this early access period, so that we can get feedback on how the expansion plays out during its duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Raid Finder Wing 2 is now available! Looking for a raid with a different take on the Temple of Atal'Hakkar rotation? Try "Ravager" \endash  a raid that exclusively features taking the life of Atal'Hakkar!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Atal'Hakkar has been moved from Tel'Abim to the Warfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * While you and other raid leaders prepare for battle, gather materials, and craft powerful new items, you'll occasionally have the opportunity to interact with an unseen benefactor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All of the sudden, you'll be able to walk through the world and not be attacked by everything? Really?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level of the raid will be different based on the difficulty of the boss (listed at the top of the page).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The random element of the Veldt puzzle will allow you to test your mettle against an unknown foe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Veldt puzzle will now award different amounts of reputation depending on your score at the end of the dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * On the eighth floor, you'll unlock the Veldt Puzzle, an additional dungeon for Blackwing Lair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blackwing Lair will be available with the release of Patch 8.2.5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There will also be a new weapon in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * In an effort to provide a smoother transition for characters newly involved in the war, [90] Rise of the Zandalari was temporarily removed from the game. However, in recent weeks, a small number of Pandaren High Warlocks have begun to appear in Outland seeking battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Due to the instability of the war, [90] The Art of War has been redesigned for the expansion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Warlocks can now learn all eight pieces of the new 4-piece set, entitled "Mists of Pandaria".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The new Mistweaver Order Hall can be obtained by completing the Warlords of Draenor raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The [Skyshatter Mask] can now be repaired using [Cobalt Frag Grenades].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The random properties of [Silverwing Sword], [Sparring Whip], and [Vibro Dagger] have been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The following Magic items were accidentally omitted from the patch 8.2.5 update: [Ragveil's Feather], [Vishnu's Sun], [Gordok Style Micropole], and [Alectric Dragon's Reins]. You can obtain these missing items by completing the Warlords of Draenor raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Housing options were added to many instances throughout the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chromatic Brewfist], a new item can be obtained from farming Outland creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Ring of Peace] is now available as a quest reward for the Bladespire Defenders quest series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Darkmoon Zeppelin]: Flying is now possible in all Stormwind raid instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Felsmoke Wisp], [Sparring Whip], and [Tiny Sporebat] can now be pulled off the ground by right-clicking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Gordok Style Micropole], a new item can be obtained from farming Outland creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Gordok Style Micropole]: A new item can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Hazzikostas: Surprise! No, nothing. Just a normal patch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * 8.2.5a has been delayed until later this year. 8.2.5b has been made eight months too late. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * 8.2.5c will be made retroactive to Patch 8.2.5a.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * 8.2.5b will now take four years off the global warming map. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * 8.2.5c will finally blow the lid off the World Tree. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * A new monument has been added to the World Tree at Bloodhoof Village.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * The Molten Core has been brought to you by... dwarves? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * The World Tree has been fully reconstructed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Players can now ride out the Kodo Caravan again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * The Forlorn Valor reward vendor now sells [Inventors' Pouches].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Adjusted the [Forlorn Relic] vendor for the new crafters' rewards to now accept [Resonant Paper].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Forlorn Paper now stacks to 50 and is bind-on-craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Forlorn Pouches now have a chance to contain a [Rare Crafted Artifact].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rare Crafting Parts] are now Bind-on Craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Medallion of the Legion] no longer has a reputation requirement with any faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Two new armor pieces have been added to the Troll Racial: [Dusk Pattern Boots] and the [Ebon Plaguebringer] Armor Piece. These items require level 120 to make and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arthas: Storming of Stormheim }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Baleful Throw and Explosive Bounce have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Some details on the PTR cycle are now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeons }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now queue for dungeons in prior expansions using the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now queue for individual bosses of Tanaan Jungle, Anub'Rekhan, and Ku'aldar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Normal and Heroic versions of the dungeon bosses have had their unit levels increased to 55 and 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Experience needed to gain ranks 4, 5, and 6 has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * All enemies have had their health reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Lost Ones have had their health reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Skettis Windwalker, infamous among the Broken Isles for his frequent fly-overs of the Broken Isles, has landed in style.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A brand-new class of Titan-forged Battle-Ships has been added to the Broken Isles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Level 90 players can now ride the Pegassi Trolls and Pegassi Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Argent Tournament & Cash in the Event of Global Doom have been cancelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Summoned Dreadsteed has been removed from the game for the time being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Due to the events of the recent movie about the Broken Isles, item level has been extremely low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Due to the events of the recent movie about the Broken Isles, character levels have been extremely low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * In preparation for the War Campaign, Draenor has seen a drastic increase in both defense and offense, with much of the former zone now belonging to the opposing faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * As the conflict between the Horde and the Alliance continues unabated, all players will now find themselves with all of their assigned starting zones set at their initial preferences, with a single "accept" button for the entire campaign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Learn more about how the War Campaign will work in our blog titled: Patch 8.2.5 \endash  The Alliance Vs. The Horde: The Alliance Wins!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Additionally, for those realms that did not choose to participate in the War Campaign, players will now be able to opt out of the conflict by visiting their respective Troll, Gnome, or Orc camps and accepting the "Defend" tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Forbearance" option can also be selected while in a raid, and will cause the offending race to be excused from the conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Gnomish Racial "Hardiness" ability is now noted in the combat log, and can be seen by both the tank and the healer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Gnomish Overpower" ability is now properly penalized when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Might Of The Many" achievement for obtaining 5 PvP trinkets has been reset to award rank 3 gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Unbridled Fury" achievement for obtaining 100 non-combat pet reports has been reset to award rank 1 gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ranks 1-5 will receive a 3% bonus to damage and healing received from all sources, based on the attacker's health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All attacks will deal 100% more damage and healing, but the bonus from each source will be reduced by the attacker's health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Bonus healing received from sources has been increased so that it will start to add to the amount of bonus healing from sources given that the bonus will be multiplied by the amount of bonus healing in that source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5 Interview Hi Ian Hazzikostas, any surprises in the culmination of the war campaign tomorrow? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Great news all players! On the heels of the devastating events of Cataclysm, Azeroth is finally getting a new expansion! Check out what Patch 8.2.5 has to say about the Warfront world over at the Blizzard website.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Features: Feral Speed, Raid Finder, and the Warfront scoreboard are now live.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Feature: Feral Speed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * As described in the blog, this new Feral Speed option allows fast travel for mounts, zeppelins, and siege vehicles, as well as swiftness on land for siege vehicles. Additional options will include cross-realm movement for players in and out of combat, as well as the ability to enter other players' World Dungeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players are able to set the Feral Speed setting for a siege vehicle by clicking on the siege vehicle icon in the center of the screen. The default setting is "on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Siege vehicles can be crafted by Engineers and artisans and are named as such ("Feral" for example).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players may obtain a siege vehicle by completing the dungeon "One More Step" on Siege Mechanism, "Morrowshire Footsoldiers" on United Garrison, or by completing the "Faintest Remnant" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The preferred method of acquiring a siege vehicle is by completing the "Morrowshire Footsoldiers" quest, "Won't Get Fooled Again" via a hidden quest, or by accepting the quest "Keyl Swiftback" via the in-game mail provided at the Blackrock Depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Accepted quests from "Won't Get Fooled Again" via a hidden quest, available at the Blackrock Depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The hidden quest "Keyl Swiftback" requires Honored or greater reputation with the Blackrock clan to obtain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Dyce}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Senior Game Designer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patch 8.2.5a}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interview conducted by Neve Campbell, Senior Game Designer for the Cataclysm expansion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Alright guys, time for a quickie Q&A. I know you've been hard at work on some new Cataclysm stuff, so this is a quick Q&A sort of thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: Sure thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: I'm curious what you've been up to these days.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: I've been playing video games, actually. I mean, I've been playing World of Warcraft all weekend long.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Do you have any plans for an expansion to Mists of Pandaria?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: No, no plans. That'd be kind of weird.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Any plans for a biopic on Martin Luther King?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: Oh my god no. I mean, I guess there's always the possibility, but we're not entirely sure what that would actually entail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Any updates on the Broken Shore raid?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: Well, we're not entirely sure what's been going on with the Broken Shore, but it's been bugging us ever since Sean Murray showed up at Blizzcon that it's a whole lot better now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Any plans for an expansion to Serpentshrine Caverns?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We've been hard at work on that, but it may not be ready for prime time just yet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Do you have any plans for an expansion to Stygian Depths?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We're not entirely sure what the hell Stygian Darkrune is, but it's a whole lot more interesting than you remember.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: Do you have any plans for an expansion to Blackfathom Deeps?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: We're not entirely sure what the hell Akkiris Ambushers are, but at least they're not Titans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Note: all questions were removed due to the FAQ being so damn dense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RACES: GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Orc and troll shamans now have their own distinct "tradewalk" ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Racial Attribute Bonuses: These bonuses have been recalibrated to even out the amount of starting health on the various races, and have been adjusted so that all races start with a standardized level of stamina.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Starting Health: The amount of bonus health that a character gains per 10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monk: Well the big change here is that level 80 players can now ride Mechanical Orbs in World of Warcraft!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: That's right! Orbs! Orbs that levitate, affect combat, and/or steal health! Orbs that mimic natural disasters, plague, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Ok so orbs can only be used on one target at a time, but we're pretty sure it'll be interesting to watch the world burn as a means to advance the story in the meantime!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs' effects can now stack, and they can be used in all sorts of combinations!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be destroyed, replaced, or tracked, and they cost chi to use!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be used to forever change the look and feel of an area, person, or thing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be destroyed, expire, lost, or stolen}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: The story continues with a raid dungeon!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be hired to change the color of your backpack}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be purchased with gold}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be used to forever change the look and feel of an area, person, or thing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be destroyed, replaced, or tracked, and they cost chi to use!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: The story continues with a raid dungeon!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be destroyed, replaced, or tracked, and they cost chi to use!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: The story continues with a raid dungeon!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be hired to change the color of your backpack, but only in dungeons!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be purchased with gold!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be used to forever change the look and feel of an area, person, or thing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: The story continues with a raid dungeon!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be hired to change the color of your backpack, but only in dungeons!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be purchased with gold!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: The story continues with a raid dungeon!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chloe Monks: Orbs can be hired to change the color of your backpack,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *    * As mentioned in the above question, this patch includes a host of changes for World of Warcraft:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The infamous flying sword has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * There are now two class tiers:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fighter \endash  Stances are no longer off-hand and is now required to keep their off-hand weapon in during combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Mage \endash  Arcane spells are now restricted to be cast in either hand and are once again available as a class available via the class tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Monk \endash  Stance options have been made available to allow for more varied gameplay styles. A new off-hand style is available at no cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Paladin \endash  Healthstones have been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Priest \endash  Levels have been reset for all classes and the starting experience has been adjusted to allow for a wider variety of class abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Rogue \endash  New abilities have been added including the ability Stealthed, which is only available to Combat Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Shaman \endash  Levels have been reset for all specializations and the starting experience has been adjusted to allow for a wider variety of class abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Warlock \endash  Levels have been reset for all classes and the starting experience has been adjusted to allow for a wider variety of class abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMIZATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All magic item enhancements gained from item enhancements, sockets, and materials in the game have been applied to this new Tanking Tradition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All item enhancements on this list have been approved by the item's creator (Champion's Coin or Incanter's Coin), but not yet implemented in-game. If an item enhancement is implemented in-game, it will show up in the Currency tab of the Character Sheet as soon as it is learned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Any items that had a stat bonus, reduction, or speed increase that has been re-evaluated and is no longer good is now replaced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.5a has been out for a few days now, and I know many of you have been hard at work preparing for the inevitable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blizzard has released an extensive patch 8.2.5a with bug fixes and data which fills in missing sections of the game. 8.2.5a is mostly focused on changes introduced in Patch 8.2.5, but also including some details not mentioned in the patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.4a has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.3a has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.2a has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.1a has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0b has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0c has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0d has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0e has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0f has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 9.0.0g has been out for a while now, and can be found here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Interview Hi Christie Golden, I know you've been working closely with the game and art teams, and your influence on helping the story feel more cohesive, immersive and exciting has definitely been appreciated. What was your input on the patch tomorrow?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 advertisement}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 advertisement}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 advertisement}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 advertisement}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christie Golden: Thank you! I'm sorry, I can't offer much insight into the game design process other than to say that it was very well-received. However, I can offer some insight into why we're doing this in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Over the years we've added significantly more new spells and abilities to the game than we've removed. The vast majority of those that have been integrated into the game are still there (some for free, some for a small fee).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Additionally, every class has an extensive list of available spell books that can be purchased from the class trainer. Many of those spells and abilities will be familiar from previous expansions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many players have asked for more randomization in Raid design. We've taken an extensive look at all available randomization methods, and find that none of them really add up. We've chosen to use a simple, yet effective random number generator (like the Random Dungeon feature in the Battlegrounds) to provide players with a sense of randomness, instead of having to guess which spells are coming from a random book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the random nature of many of the game's systems, including the advancement of technology, there may be hidden bonuses or changes that will make a particular dungeon experience more random than intended. We try to set as few exceptions as possible, but if it doesn't meet your needs, please don't hesitate to ask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons now have a small chance to reward specific items from specific sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Randomized Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * As part of our continued efforts to randomize the Battleground system, each time an Arena team chooses to use an Arena Random Battleground, they also randomly select the next Battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Randomized Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * No longer will randomize Battlegrounds using the Random Dungeon feature. Arena Random Battlegrounds will continue to be performed based on the same criteria used for Random Dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * In addition to using the Random Dungeon option, players also have the option to queue for any of the available Random Battlegrounds by entering the random Battleground selection form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Randomized Battleground queues will not randomly select any Battlegrounds. If selected, players will be randomly placed into either}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}