{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes]: This talent has been replaced with Might of the Frozen Throne, which is available at Windrunners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pulverize]: Pulverize no longer stuns enemies, and has a healing on the right side of the action bar to indicate that it does not affect healing done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conflagrate] button removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Life] button removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice]: This ability is now only usable on the Death Knight, and no longer causes additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Tribute]: This ability is now only usable on the Death Knight, and no longer causes additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Tribute]: This ability is now usable on the Warrior and Warlock, and now increases the damage of their respective abilities by a larger percentage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Valkyrie Envelope]: This ability is now usable on the Warrior and Warlock, and is intended to increase the healing of their respective abilities by a larger percentage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Waning Grave]: This ability is now usable on the Warrior and Warlock, and is intended to decrease the duration of Waning Grave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart Strike] is now replaced with [Purgatory] in the tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Legacy of the White Tiger] is a new talent that replaces [Blood Strike], and is available at pet level 20. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare]: This talent is available at pet level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Warbringer]: This talent is available at pet level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune Tap] is now usable against targets that are immune to physical attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tightening Grasp] is now usable against targets that are immune to magical attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction]: This talent has been replaced with Raise Dead, which is available at pet level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Concussive Shot] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Trap] no longer has a limit on range, and now has a 20 yard range restriction on its damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lock and Load] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is no longer considered a ranged attack, and its range has been increased to 40 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trap Launcher] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Volley] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [War Stomp] is now considered a ranged attack, and uses the ranged attack category's attack power rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mages }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability now has a 50% chance to proc when the mage is struck by a spell (was a 25% chance), and will cancel when the mage is stunned. [Arcane Explosion] now has a 20% chance to proc when the mage is struck by a spell (was a 10% chance), and will cancel when the mage is stunned. Proc chances for Arcane Explosion and Arcane Explosion now scale with the mage's attack power instead of not scaling at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now has a 20% chance to proc when the mage is struck by a spell (was a 10% chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Uther's Strength]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Empowerment]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vicious Strikes]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Icebound Fortitude]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Icebound Fortitude].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Abomination's Might]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Horn of Winter]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Horn of Winter].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune Tap]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Endless Winter]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Obliterate]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Obliterate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rejuvenation]: This talent has been changed to reduce its cooldown by 5/10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vicious Strikes]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEMON HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chaos Brand]: This talent has been replaced with [Fel Brand].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Chaos Bolt]: The bonus damage provided by this talent has been replaced with a flat 20% damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowfury]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Chimaera]: The extra attack power provided by this talent has been replaced with a flat 10% damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Banish]: This debuff can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of the Elements]: This debuff can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Recklessness]: This debuff can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Tongues]: This debuff can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Enslave Demon]: This ability can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Life Tap]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Life Tap]: This talent has been improved to provide 5/10% increased health and mana regeneration, but no longer provides haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay]: This spell now has a shorter cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion]: This talent has been replaced with [Power Salts]: This talent has been improved to provide 5/10% increased health and mana regeneration, but no longer provides haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Touch of Undeath]: This talent has been changed to reduce the cooldown by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction]: This talent has been changed to increase the duration of Unstable Affliction by 1 second per curse broken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Knowledge]: This effect of this talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Empowerment]: This talent has been replaced with Improved Felguard (Demonology) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Increases your physical damage and healing done by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Flight]: This talent has been replaced with Improved Felhunter (Demonology) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Increases speed by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Mastery]: This talent also increases the duration of Unstable Affliction by 1 second per rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Pact]: This spell no longer has a prerequisite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conversion] now costs 5 Runic Power plus 5 per second thereafter, down from 10 Runic Power plus 10 per second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserk] is a new Feral ability and rune of power that replaces Heroic Rage. Berserkers cause players to lash out in anger, inflicting damage and threatening to break the hunter's concentration. In addition, when enraged, the beast will attack a new target for 30 seconds. Berserkers gain the Berserk effect from the hunter's weapon and are empowered by their own rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserking] cooldown increased to 1 minute (was 60 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conversion] cost increased to 2 Runic Power plus 2 per second, down from 3 Runic Power plus 3 per second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feral Instinct] is now passive, and no longer affects the Feral Instinct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] (Bear) now increases the damage of Whirlwind by 20%, down from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Maul] base damage increased by 20%, and Maul damage bonus to Maul (Bear) increased to 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pulverize] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Mastery] (Restoration) is now also learned by Feral. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mass Remover] now also reduces threat on the death knight by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol] is now also learned by Restoration druids. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Primal Fury] (Restoration) is now learned by Restoration druids at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Primal Fury] is now learned by Feral druids at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thrill of the Hunt] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Marksmanship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Shot] damage increased 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ascendance] no longer has a restriction on casting time and now increases casting speed by 60% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Shot] is no longer a talent and is now passive (was haste).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dismiss Pet] is no longer a talent and is now a passive (was haste).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focus Fire] now casts instant cast and no longer has a restriction on casting time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Freezing Trap] is no longer a talent and is now a passive (was haste). Casting time has been reduced to 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Marked for Death]'s damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] is now a passive skill (was haste).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede Shot] is now a passive skill (was haste).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] no longer has a restriction on damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Shot] is no longer a talent and is now a passive (was haste). The bonus damage it provides to Arcane Shot has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bursting Shot] damage increased to 100%, and no longer has a restriction on casting time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focused Will] now provides a 20% bonus damage to Arcane Shot (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Piercing Shots] damage increased to 50% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rapid Recuperation] now provides 20% damage reduction while active (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cascade]'s damage absorption shield has been increased to 80% (was 65%) and now also applies to Waveform and Bind on Use effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cone of Cold]'s damage absorption shield no longer has a limit and now applies to all damage absorbed, including damage caused by the hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Distracting Shot] is now a level-90 Talent, up from level-25.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focused Will] now provides a 20% bonus damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Wave]: Our new Druid healing style feels good, so we're adding more healing in the game. We're also toning down the percent of damage that gets absorbed by [Maelstrom Weapon], [Force of Nature], [Force of Nature], and [Ability of Nature] (which feels good).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Entangling Roots]: This glyph is redundant, but it has to do with the Fortifying Brew buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Touch]: This glyph is now used in the 3-minute heal per battle, instead of the 5-minute heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Maul]: This glyph is now only usable on the pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Nimble Brew]: This glyph is now only usable on the pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mount Hyjal]: A mount is automatically summoned to the player's seat in the Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Overpowering Storm]: This glyph causes Overpowering Storm to inflict damage, but its damage is reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Power Word: Shield]: The Toughness glyph now also triggers when Power Word: Shield triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shocking]: This glyph caused by Swiftmend to generate threat. The threshold for generating threat has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sudden Doom]: This glyph caused by Reckless Charge to trigger a new spell effect now has a chance to be triggered by any spell that costs mana. The spell effect will not be triggered if the spell is cast on the target's party leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sprint]: This glyph is now only usable on the Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Incinerate]: This glyph is now only usable on the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Victory Rush]: This glyph now only triggers from clearing a capture point in Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first of three new Professions are available for players at level 110: Alchemy, Enchanting, and Herbalism. Alchemy, Enchanting, and Herbalism provides a wide variety of transmutations and a new set of tools to make use of.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alchemy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds five new recipes, each of which provides a unique bonus to a specific category of potions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Superior Sturdy Hide Armor, which are obtained from Malygos in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Superior Unyielding Iron, which are obtained from Gadgetzan in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Greater Healing Wave, which are obtained from Gadgetzan in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Greater Regrowth, which are obtained from Gadgetzan in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Warped Earth, which are obtained from Orgrimmar in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new recipes for Twisted Earth, which are obtained from Orgrimmar in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Adds new Stealth and Global cooldown break buttons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elixir of Immolation]: This elixir now provides +10% spell damage and healing to a single application.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elixir of Poison Control]: This elixir now provides a 50% chance to remove one poison effect from the target when it triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Growl of Regeneration] now has a 3 second duration when used on enemy NPCs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Spring Totem]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate it only works with potions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Totem of Tranquility] is now usable by Restoration shaman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEATHERWORKING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Total of 454 slots removed (was 482).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drums of Battle]: Cooldown increased to 45 minutes (was 30 minutes), and dismounted from use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drums of Restoration]: The mana return effect has been changed to an instant cast effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drums of Tactical Mastery]: This talent now also reduces the cooldown of the warrior's Thunder Clap ability by 10/20/30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drums of Victory]: This talent also now increases the effect of Thunder Clap when it triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drums of War Machine]: The effect of this talent now lasts until canceled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Earthgrab Totem]: This totem will no longer be automatically canceled when an attempt is made}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Affliction Resistance - Resilience] has been reworked and renamed [Resilience], and now reduces the chance you'll be hit by spells by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Haunt] cooldown reduced to 2 seconds (was 3 seconds), and damage bonus reduced to 30% (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Haunt] now increases the damage your Haunt reduces by 30% (was 30%), and no longer increases the duration of the Haunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slip Resilience] is now passive (was a PvP talent) and reduces damage taken by 25% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Taunt] now has a damage cap (was not hit by attacks), has an 8 yard fall radius, and now has an 8 second charge time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowform] is now available to all specs, and is no longer a reserved ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] damage cap reduced to 25% of spell power (was 33% of spell power), and damage bonus reduced to 30% (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Voidform] no longer has a cooldown (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Haunt] now also increases the duration of Haunt by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Legacy of the Void] now reduces damage taken by 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrosis] now increases the radius of your Discharge ability by 5 yards (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare] now increases the damage of your Voidform ability by 20% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Abolish Poison] has been replaced by [Efflorescence] in the talent tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Efflorescence] has the same range as [Vampiric Touch], but is only usable on one target at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eviscerate]'s base damage has been increased to 53% spell power (was 45%), but its bonus damage has been reduced to 30% (was 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip] range increased to 10 yards (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Defense] is now available at level 30 (was level 14).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Defense] is now available as a talent at level 14.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stampede] is now available at level 52 (was level 24).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stampede] is now available as a talent at level 28.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swipe] range increased to 10 yards (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [All Will Serve] is now a 2-point talent (was 3), and now also increases the damage of Will of the Beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anticipation] (Beast Mastery) is now a 3-point talent, down from 5-points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anticipation] (Beast Mastery): Now only provides an increase to dodge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aquatic Form] (Balance) mana cost reduced to match the Spirit of Druid PvP form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aquatic Form] (Balance): No longer changes the shape of the druid's body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Barkskin] is now available at level 28 (was level 14).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Will of the Fierce Tiger] (Restoration) is now a 3-point talent, down from 5-points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Will of the Fierce Tiger] (Restoration): Now only provides an increase to dodge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earth's Grasp] (Restoration) is now a 3-point talent, down from 5-points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earth's Grasp] (Restoration): Now only provides an increase to dodge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feral Charge] (Restoration) is now a 3-point talent, down from 5-points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Feral Charge (Restoration): No longer changes the shape of the druid's body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Force of Nature] and [Feral Frenzy] (Restoration) are now both available at level 28.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feral Frenzy] (Restoration): Moved to level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Liquid Magma Totem] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Essence of Air] now also causes [Lava Burst]'s damage to be increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stormlash Totem] has had its hit points retuned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage] for Elemental shaman now applies to Flametongue Weapon (and Windfury Weapon) as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WARLOCK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlocks are being retuned by default. You'll find these changes in the "Configuring" section of the User Interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BRAWLER'S GUILD RETURNS!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Brawler's Guild is back! It's been a while since we've had a taste of the real world, so drop by and see what you've been doing. We'd love to see your submissions!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DETAILS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Brawler's Guild rules are being revised, and you'll be expected to play more aggressively. The changes are intended to encourage a more balanced group of players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Requires Battle for Azeroth expansion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Brawlers above level 80 can now queue up for Mists of Pandaria Raid Finder difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The queue system has been changed so that you and the person queueing you are automatically added to the same group. If you would like to queue separately, you can do so at the Character Selection screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Strict PvP gear is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dueling players can now queue for Wintergrasp and Ashran via the same Battle.net interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Both Wintergrasp and Ashran will be available for purchase at the same time as the expansion is released. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Wintergrasp will cost 400, and it will unlock at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Ashran will cost 400, and it will unlock at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * For information on how the changes will affect you, please see the forum thread titled: Brawler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s Guild: Changes to PvP on the Forums.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All fear and horrify effects can no longer cause targets under the effects of a movement speed buff to move faster than normal run speed. Horror effects, such as that found in the game, have been modified to speed up the animation and remove the fear/horror debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fear: effects that remove fear are now called off by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Horror: effects that remove horror are now called off by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All fear/horror effects can no longer cause targets to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All targets that take damage from fear/horror debuffs will now stand up when attacked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If a target does not want to fight, they can turn hostile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Taunt and Challenging Shout abilities do not force a fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage Shield spells are now called Debuffs and will not display on the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of damage a target takes from each defensive ability has been added together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All Shout abilities have had their threat range reduced to 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The difference in threat between Fear, Horror and Fear/Horror/Fearless effects has been made more pronounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All player-controlled creatures have had their melee damage reduced. Pauper pets and guardians are examples.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Creatures can now be targeted by taunts and Challenging Shout abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Some creature taunts now require the target to move closer to the taunted creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Shock] is now unique.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost Shock no longer has a chance to break [Fear].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fear] will now break on damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fear will break on damage for:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt] ( [Permafrost])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Killing Machine]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chimaera Shot]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt] ( [Permafrost])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Raging Blow]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rampant )}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thorns]: Duration increased from 15 to 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Oath]: This ability now also increases the damage of [Lightning Bolt], [Lava Burst], and [Chain Lightning] by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shock]: This ability now also interrupts spellcasting on targets that are affected by [Earth Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: Mana cost reduced from 16% to 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: Tooltip updated to reflect actual functionality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: Damage taken will no longer be absorbed by other absorb spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Elemental Totem]: Mana cost reduced from 16% to 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Mastery]: This talent now also applies to [Lightning Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Grasp] no longer has a target limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shock]: This ability now has an 8 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Grace] now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Might] now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Presence]: This talent now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Wrath]: This ability now has a 15 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Might] now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Swiftness] no longer reduces the cooldown of [Lava Burst].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: The tooltip has been adjusted to reflect that this ability breaks on damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Vengeance]: This ability now has a 3 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Mastery]: This talent now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Shields]: Now reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 4/8/12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Warding]: This talent also applies to [Earth Elemental Totem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Mastery]: The effect of this talent is now removed when a player leaves the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eradication]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Fire Nova], which increases the damage dealt by the next Fire Nova by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Lightning Shield]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Lightning Shield], which increases the damage dealt by the next Lightning Shield by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mental Dexterity]: This talent now gives physical damage reduction as well as strength in addition to its physical reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mental Precision]: This talent now also reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 4/8/12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prowl]: This ability now has a range of 40 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Shield Block], which increases the damage reduction from Shield Block by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Block]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Shield Block], which increases the damage reduction from Shield Block by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Specialization]: This talent now also applies to absorb/reflect damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Rune Tap] now heals for 3% per stack, up from 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Stoneskin Totem] is no longer a talent and is now a passive ability learned by all Death Knights at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Thrash] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Denounce] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Maelstrom Weapon] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Mark of the Wild (Warlock talent) now reduces the cooldown of [Mark of the Wild] by 2 seconds, down from 4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mark of the Wild] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Glyphs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druid forms now have a custom inventory icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids now use the same equipment menus for PvP and PvE.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids now save their target name and hit rating as for Player vs. Player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many abilities now have spell animations when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance, Feral, and Restoration Druids now have cross-species trinkets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids now save their target's name and hit rating as for Player vs. Player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting Stampeding Shout now properly applies its bleed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting Swiftmend now properly increases the cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shapeshifting now cancels out movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Swiftmend will now properly clear roots and snares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting Swiftmend now properly increases the cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thrash] should no longer land on targets that are under the effects of crowd control abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Savage Defense] now makes the Druid immune to critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Swipe] should no longer apply the bleed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Rip] now properly reduces the target's armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The tooltip for [Master Shapeshifter] now has a visual effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shred] should no longer apply the bleed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] now makes the Druid immune to critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swipe] should no longer apply the bleed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Thrash] should no longer apply the bleed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Annihilate] should no longer trigger auto-attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Annihilate] will now properly clear roots and snares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The tooltip for [Blackout Shout] now has a period.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Battle] is now a passive effect learned by all Druids at level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Defense] is now a passive effect learned by all Druids at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Attack] is now a passive effect learned by all Druids at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Retribution] now also applies to [Blur].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Retribution]'s chance to trigger has been reduced to 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Protection] now has a chance to trigger on successful melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Retribution] now has a duration of 24 seconds, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Retribution Aura] now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New talent: [Underworld Travel]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Travel through the world of Alterac Valley, helping the Frostwolf people defend their land and rallying their people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Cold Bloods] has been replaced with [Cold War], a new talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cold War is now a 3-point talent, down from 5, and has all the other benefits of being a Cold War, but no longer all the other benefits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cold Steel] now also causes auto-attacks to have a chance to cleave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Crippling Poison] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dauntless] now also makes the Rogue tank racial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fist of Reckoning] now causes damage when the attacker has the Rogue's attack power reduced below 30% of the attacker's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Attacks] (Assassination) now increases the attack power of the next Crippling Poison used by the attack power reduction portion of the spell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frozen Orb] has been replaced with Withered Orb, a new talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Withered Orb is now a 3-point talent, down from 5, and replaces [Cold Bloods]. It also now has a 1 second cast time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Naaru] now also increases the healing of [Prayer of Mending].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorefiend's Grasp] is now a 3-point talent, down from 5, and affects everything from Mana Font Totem to Mana Gem Dispels to [Water Elemental].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Healing Way] (Shadow) now also increases the healing of [Prayer of Mending].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Spring Totem] is no longer a tree (was a passive ability), and now functions like a tanking specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Tide Totem] is no longer a tree (was a passive ability), and now functions like a tanking specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] is now a 3-point talent, down from 5, and heals more than once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of the Crusader] is now a 2-point talent, down from 5, and heals more than once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Restoration}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Earthen Power] is now a passive talent, and now increases the Restoration log buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Restoration Affinity] is now a passive talent, and now increases the Restoration log buff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Armor: 6/12/18/24/30}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Destructive Reach: 9/14/20/25/35}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marksmanship Range: 30/70/90/110/130}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steed Moves: [Prowl] / [Dive] / [Cobra Strike] / [Savage Defense] / [Charge]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mend Pet, [Medallion of Mend Pet] / [Medallion of Mend Pet] (mages) / [Medallion of Arcane Power] / [Rune of Might] / [Rune of Protection]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Molten Armor: [Conjure Water] now clears all negative effects on the Hunter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Might of the Frozen Wastes: Moved to level 22, removed ability to disenchant into [Ice Floes].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Powershell: [Arcane Shot] and [Steady Shot] are now available to Mage priests, and now increase damage and/or healing by 3/6/9/12/15%, down from 5/10/15/20/25%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raptor Strike: Moved to level 24, removed ability to disenchant into Ice Floes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raptor's Grip: Moved to level 30, removed ability to disenchant into Ice Floes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raptor's Zeal: Moved to level 40, removed ability to disenchant into Ice Floes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raptor Strikes: Moved to level 50, removed ability to disenchant into Ice Floes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Survival}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cold Blood] now also removes the cooldown from [Might of the Frozen Wastes].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Strike] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Armor] now clears up to 8/16/25% of damage taken, down from 12/24/36%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pillar of Frost] cooldown has been reduced to 3 minutes, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Touch] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FIRE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conjure Water] has been removed and replaced with 3 new spells; [Conjure Mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Fireball]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Frostbolt]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ardent Defender]: The effect of this talent no longer has an excessive range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience]: This talent no longer removes the penalty for being in an abusive relationship with your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Merciless Gladiator]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare]: This ability now deals damage only once per auto-attack. It still deals extra damage if used while auto-attacking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Power Mastery]: This talent now grants 6 Runic Power per 1% of max health applied to the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Power Mastery]: This talent now locks out other abilities that grant Runic Power. It prevents an additional 1% of damage from being added to the damage of the current spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eternal Flame]: This ability now has a chance to trigger when a player uses [Ice Lance] or [Molten Armor] at the start of its cast. It also now has a 5% chance to trigger when a player uses [Fervor] while Eternal Flame is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hand of Light]: This ability now has a chance to trigger when a player uses [Ice Lance] or [Molten Armor] at the start of its cast. It also now has a 5% chance to trigger when a player uses [Fervor] while Hand of Light is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting]: This spell now has a chance to trigger when a player uses [Ice Lance] or [Molten Armor] at the start of its cast. It also now has a 5% chance to trigger when a player uses [Fervor] while Wyvern Sting is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ardent Defender]: The effect of this talent no longer has an excessive range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience]: This talent now grants 6 Runic Power per 1% of max health applied to the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Merciless Gladiator]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare]: This ability now deals damage only once per auto-attack. It still deals extra damage if used while auto-attacking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew]: The bonus damage from this talent is now removed if the spell is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eternal Flame]: This ability now has a chance to trigger when a player uses [Ice Lance] or [Molten Armor] at the start of its cast. It also now has a 5% chance to trigger when a player uses [Fervor] while Eternal Flame is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting]: This spell now has a chance to trigger when a player uses [Ice Lance] or [Molten Armor] at the start of its cast. It also now has a 5% chance to trigger when a player uses [Fervor] while Sting is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Avenging Wrath]: Avenging Wrath now also grants 15% increased damage to auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Divine Plea]: The effect of Divine Plea will no longer be consumed if the Priest is silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lotus]: [Wind-Up] can now properly proc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunderbolt]: [Earthbind] can now properly be cast on the Wind-Up ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wind-Up]: This talent now works properly when an emote, talent, or ability does not trigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence] (Restoration) now benefits from the Druid Restoration talent [Heart of the Wild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Malfurion's Gift]: This talent now works correctly with [Malfurion's Gift] again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Swiftness]: This talent now works properly with [Heart of the Wild] again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Tree of Life (Restoration) now has the proper health amounts for its level range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Tree of Life]: This glyph will now appear correctly on druids in Tree of Life Form as well as druids in any other form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after leaving a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging a player in melee combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after using a [Grounding Totem] while mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Multi-Shot]: This ability now has its damage increased by Arcane Shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tame Beast]: This ability now functions properly when cast on the hunter's pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiger's Lust]: This effect is now removed when a pet is tamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiger's Fury]: The tooltip for this talent now has the correct values.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiger's Swiftness]: This talent now functions properly when the hunter's pet is enraged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiger's Fury]: This talent now removes the damage cap on instant melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiger's Endurance]: This talent now works properly when the hunter's pet is enraged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Widow Venom]: This talent now correctly removes the silence effect from [Misdirection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This ability now works properly with [Ferocious Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This ability now works with [Ferocious Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Rend] should no longer incorrectly consume the wolf's stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Rend]: This ability now works with [Ferocious Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wolf Charge]: This ability now works properly with [Ferocious Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting] should no longer cause players to sometimes get stuck inside the Wyvern Sting's visual.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability should correctly trigger a cooldown on Arcane Charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now works with [Arcane Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now works correctly with [Arcane Explosion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Missiles]: Some projectiles that did not trigger the triggered effect from Arcane Missiles will now trigger the effect from Arcane Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability now works with [Arcane Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now works correctly with Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability now triggers [Molten Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Armor]: Some projectiles that did not trigger the triggered effect from Ice Armor will now trigger the effect from Arcane Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Armor]: This armor will now be removed if a mage with this armor becomes a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Armor]: This armor can now be removed if a mage with this armor becomes a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Polymorph]: The transformation spells that are partially interrupted while transformed will no longer be interrupted while in this form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Slow Fall] and [Cone of Cold]: These spells can no longer be cast while in [Moonkin Form] or [Incarnation: Tree of Life] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Meditation]: This ability now works properly with [Slow Fall].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Evocation]: This talent now works with [Slow Fall].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] now has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending] no longer procs, but the radius has been increased to 10 yards (was 5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feedback] no longer generates rage, and its duration has been increased to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feedback] no longer procs when the target resists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Enlightened Mending] increased to 10/20/30% (was 5/10/15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feedback] no longer generates rage, and its duration has been increased to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heal] mana cost has been increased to be equal to the average healing received per damage absorbed (before and after effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mindbender] (Artifact trait) now also increases the movement speed of the casting Druid by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Swiftness] is now a tier 1 talent, up from Tier 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thick Hide] reduced to 3 ranks, now increases armor by 2/4/6% (was 3/6/9%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter Weapon] ranks 5 and 6 armor increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter Weapon] ranks 1 and 2 armor increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter Weapon] ranks 3 and 4 armor increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter Weapon] ranks 5 and 6 armor increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shooting Stars] (Artifact trait) now reduces the duration of all tracking spells by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starfall] duration increased to 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starfire] is now castable on all ranks, reduces damage taken by 10% (was 5%), and explodes after 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampeding Roar] increased to 10/20/30% (was 5/10/15%), now ignores tanks (was anyone who uses a tanking stance), and now also applies to Blessing of Might and Might (Talent) respectively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer] cooldown reduced to 3 minutes (was 4 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wounding Poison] is now castable on all ranks, increases damage taken by 20% (was 10%), and instant causes healing for 20% of the amount healed instead of a chance to heal based on the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fungal Growth] healing has been increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Living Seed] healing has been increased by 40%, and now also increases the healing done by Multistrike by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revitalize] no longer requires Tree of Life form, and now also requires a Healing Touch aura on the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revive] no longer requires Tree of Life form, and now has a very simple and clear example in the combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Celestial Focus] redesigned. Now used while the shaman is sitting, the shaman gains full Spirit Bear (which has a very short cast time) and Tree of Life forms (which has a very short cast time). The shaman no longer consumes mana while casting this. The casting time of Tree of Life forms has been increased to 1.5 seconds (was 1.5 seconds) to better balance it with the healing of Living Seed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Convection] redesigned. Now used while the shaman is sitting, the shaman gains full Mana Tide Totem (which has a very short cast time) and Mana Spring Totem (which has a very short cast time)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mental Fortitude] no longer stacks, and its duration has been reduced to 8 seconds. In addition, it is now triggered by damage when the shaman is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Vigil] now also works with Roiling Air Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rejuvenation] has had its mana cost increased to 10% base mana (was 8.5% base mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit of Redemption] will now work properly when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Turbocharge] now also reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Shield by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Sphere] now roots for 4 seconds instead of stunning for 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Pulse] now pulses every 1 second (was 2) and no longer has a maximum duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HOLY CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We made several changes for Holy, to go along with other larger system changes to compensate for the removal of [Divine Favor], [Divine Shield], and [Divine Fury]. We also needed to replace some cooldowns with new ones, so we took a look at cooldowns that were broken because of Divine Favor and Divine Shield, and considered adding a new one to the mix. We decided to replace Divine Fury with [Divine Guidance], which is less clear cut. We also needed to update some cooldowns to better align with the new system, since they were broken because of Divine Favor and Divine Shield. Holy now has several cooldowns that were redundant and did not use [Divine Fury]. We also needed to update some stances to better support the new system, since they were not used consistently and were therefore removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Holy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Atonement] is no longer a channeled spell. It is now a channeled heal over time. It has a two-day cooldown. Casting [Atonement] now heals for 5% of the target's maximum health. Healing for Atonement is reduced by 10% per tick (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Beacon of Light] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Denounce] now has a 1.5-second cast time (up from instant cast).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Halo] now has a 10-second cooldown (up from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [HOLY SHIELD] is now a passive ability for all Holy Paladin spells. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Holy Word: Shield: heals for 5% of the target's maximum health. Healing for Holy Word: Shield is reduced by 10% per tick (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Infusion of Light] now causes [Word of Glory] to heal 5% (up from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Light of Dawn] now heals for 5% (up from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Surge of Light] now causes [Word of Glory] to heal 5% (up from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Retribution }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Denounce]'s cooldown has been reduced to 3 minutes (down from 6 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Protection }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ardent Defender] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Holy Wrath]'s damage has been increased by 100%, and its cooldown has been reduced to 8 seconds (down from 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Guardian of Ancient Kings] and Guardian of Ancient Kings can now be activated while in Holy Wrath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Eternal Night] has been replaced with Glyph of Eternal Night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Eternal Night] causes [Inferno] to extend the duration of Holy Wrath by an additional 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cenarion Ward] duration reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Horn of Winter] is now trained at level 20 (was level 3).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] is now trained at level 38 (was level 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Obliterate] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Frenzy] duration increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rampant ] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence] healing increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of the Wild] healing increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Malfurion's Gift] is now trained at level 28 (was level 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Vigil] is now trained at level 14 (was level 32).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thorns] damage increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Regrowth] causes [Regrowth] to heal an additional 5% and causes [Rejuvenation] to heal an additional 5% on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after leaving a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after entering a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after switching specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging a vehicle in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after taking a flight path over a map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after switching specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging in shooting gallery Quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after taking flight paths over water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Swooping Plainshawks are now properly classified as Beasts under the Arms of the Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The tooltip for the [Feral Charge] ability now lists the type of beast. A beast is classified as a beast when it has fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The tooltip for the [Mangle] ability now lists the damage type. A maul is classified as a maul when it has fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Untamed Meadows no longer incorrectly makes the Mennu untargetable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Swiftmend now properly states that it causes healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Misdirection] now works properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] is no longer incorrectly resetting when it triggers a new animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Casting Flash of Light while Stampede is active will no longer cause it to be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Casting Flash of Light while Stampede is active will no longer cause it to be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Venom's Swiftness] is now triggered by Misdirection, not Misdirection itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] does not cause extra threat when Misdirection triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rising Palm] is now properly considered a Bleed effect, which means it can be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Avenging Wrath] no longer increases the amount of damage transferred to the Paladin, but rather increases the amount of damage the Paladin deals to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Protection] can no longer be used to prevent the next cast of [Flash of Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [B}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackwing Descent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fangraal, the Eternal Hunger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Kromog, Unbound Hunger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Heroic Pandaria: The Brawler's Guild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Xizor, Upper City Medjed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shizz, Blackbriar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackwing Descent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Kromog, Unbound Hunger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shizz, Blackbriar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Feast of Winter Veil has been adjusted to make it easier to find and play in the holiday event.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Winter Veil quest map has been updated with more precise information on where each faction holds seasonal feasts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Illidari Council}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Illidari Council}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new quest has been added to interactively explore the Illidari Tower in Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Aspect of the Hawk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Aspect of the Sturdy Ox}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Aspect of the Iron Ox will now increase Haste, Critical Strike, Critical Strike chance, and Mastery in addition to armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mastery: Expertise, Haste, Critical Strike, Mastery, and Versatility have all been removed. In addition, Versatility now reduces the chance for attacks to miss, hit, or be dodged by 8%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The effect of Mastery has been changed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Expertise] is now passive instead of being a proc. It has a 10% chance to trigger an additional attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Elemental Fury] is now available to Elemental and Enhancement specs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Elemental Mastery] no longer provides a passive aura that increases Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Flametongue Weapon] is now available to Elemental and Enhancement specs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Critical Strike] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Siegebreaker Weapon] is now available to all specs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Weapon Damage and Defense has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Weapon Speed has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Armor Penetration has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mastery has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Critical Strike has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mastery: Bows and Crossbows has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Expertise has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Versatility has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Weapon Damage and Defense has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       GUARDIAN CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Guardian druids received a significant change; they got a passive aura that increases Haste, Critical Strike, Mastery, and Versatility, but reduces damage taken by 10%. The active mitigation aura, [Might of Ursoc], has been increased to 30% from 10% (was 20%), and now also provides a flat 10% increase to Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Guardian druids now have a passive ability, [The Executioner's Efficiency], which is passive and only provides with HoTs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The mage class has received several significant changes, primarily focused on reining in spell damage, improving the throughput of spells, and ensuring that mana is not wasted when not using a spell. Many of the changes to mana were made for the warrior and druid class, and for warrior and druid, in the Talent Order: Warrior vs. Druid. Mage. For mages, we made several changes specific to them, and to many other classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] damage has been increased by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] now also provides 10% Haste to all party and raid members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience] now reduces the duration of [Resolve] and [Illustration of the Dragon Soul] by 2 seconds each time Avenging Wrath (Rank 2) or [Seal of Command] is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chains of Ice] now reduces [Resolve]'s cooldown by 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Power] is now available only to Frost monks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Chains of Ice] has been replaced with [Glyph of Evacuation], which adds a 1 second duration to [Chains of Ice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mending] has been replaced with [Glyph of Repealing], which adds a 2 second duration to Repealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Retribution Aura]'s effect has been modified. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Retribution Aura] now causes the Monk's next [Retribution Aura] to heal the target for 10% of their maximum health (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Monk ability consolidation is fairly straightforward. It includes merging of some passive abilities, and removal of others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chi Explosion] is no longer a talent, and is now a passive ability learned by all Brewmaster Monks at level 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chi Wave] now replaces Blight of the Earthforged for Brewmaster Monks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deeper Stratagem] now causes Stance of the Fierce Tiger to increase all healing received by 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fists of Fury] no longer has any cooldown, and no longer replaces Crane Palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Furious Fists] now replaces Power Strikes, and now has a 1-second global cooldown (was a 5-second global cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hurricane Strike] no longer has a listed cooldown, and its cooldown was reduced to 6 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Incarnation: Tree of Life] now also benefits from Spirit Shell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Paralytic Poison] no longer has a listed cooldown, and its tooltip now states that it only affects targets that are below 35% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade] now also works with [Gouge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] no longer has any stacks, and its duration has been reduced to 10 seconds (was 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Monks had a few mergers of passive abilities. But overall the intent of most of them is to make them more versatile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       One important distinction between Monks and Warriors is that Warriors have weapons, while Monks have mind-blades. That distinction will play a role in deciding which abilities to use and when to use them, but it's not directly related to the difference in attack power. Another important distinction is that Monks use their blades in combat, while Warriors use their swords in passive, defensive modes. In other words, Warriors use their blades in passive modes, while Monks use their blades primarily in offensive modes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Another distinction that will play a role in determining which abilities to use and when to use them is the difference in cooldowns. Generally speaking, the higher the cooldown, the more damage that ability does. So, a Monk using a higher cooldown would do more damage, while a lower cooldown would do more damage with higher attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Another distinction that will play a role in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you manage to avoid being killed by an avalanche in Kamchatka, you will be credited with victory points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The weapon system has been completely revamped. You will now start earning money earning victory points, and buying weapons up through the storyline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer be granted entry to the Denali Fortress by being on the third floor. You will now start earning money earning reputation with the Frostwolfs (Horde) faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 38 Wilderness Survival Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 3 Finger Cannons - Good for marksmanship hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 1 Hand Cannons - For marksmanship hunters that don't have 3 finger cannons, but for those that do, this will allow them to still use their ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 2 Hand Cannons - For marksmanship hunters that don't have 2 hand cannons, but for those that do, this will allow them to still use their ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 3 Hand Cannons - These items are now purchasable with [Direwolf's Meat] as a drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 40 Wilderness Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 1 Hand Cannons - Good for marksmanship hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 2 Hand Cannons - For marksmanship hunters that don't have 2 hand cannons, but for those that do, this will allow them to still use their ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * At level 60, the following trinkets will be purchasable with [Direwolf's Meat] as a drop:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Direwolf's Eye]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elderberry Potion]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Direwolf's Wound]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of the Crusader]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Seal of the Sunreavers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Seal of the Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hazza'rah's Charm of War]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of the Wanderer]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reins of the Warforged]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reins of the Brewmaster]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * At level 80, the following trinkets will be purchasable with [Direwolf's Meat] as a drop:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reins of the Warforged]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reins of the Brewmaster]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reins of the Warrior]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons and Raid Content}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Failing to complete a keystone in time no longer causes your displayed best dungeon completed for the week to be inaccurate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle for Azeroth zones now share the same cooldown as Battlegrounds, once the Battlegrounds Battlegrounds have been completed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 80 players that use the Dungeon Finder for a random Heroic dungeon will be prompted to choose a difficulty. Difficulty will be displayed using the difficulty setting found in the interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Heroic dungeons will only be selected once the dungeon is complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dungeon Finder integration with the game has been enabled for 5-player parties and raids. Dungeon Finder will now display the nameplate for each zone you try to enter, with a new field to enter each time the game is started.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For a complete list of changes for the game, check out the forum thread titled: Patch 6.1 Features and Mechanics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Summon spells should now be usable within 30 yards of the summoned pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Area-of-effect abilities (AoE) can now be resisted. Area-of-effect abilities (AoE) that resist will be greyed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Confusion spells now have a 10-yard radius.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now shift click items to modify their color so that they will be picked up by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All player spells that start a cast have been renamed to "Counterspell", "Disorient", and "Shadow".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Corrected an issue allowing some player spells to be cast on top of each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Corrected an issue causing some player spells to cause an error message while the cast was under the effects of another spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rage of Rivendare] damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rage of Dread] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rage of Xeric] damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] cost increased to Rage, and has a new attack animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's initial tick can now be resisted, and now scales with attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per rage consumed reduced to 0.08%, down from 1.1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] can only be resisted by the target who has the Rage cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] rage cost reduced to match Rage per sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] rage per combo point reduced to 0.8%, down from 1.1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] can now be resisted, and can be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Eligible targets of Rend's target will now be filtered to ensure only monsters that will give up melee combat to a raid group will be excluded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per combo point reduced to 0.08%, down from 1.1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam]'s cooldown increased to 15 seconds, up from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Vendetta damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Whirlwind effects will now affect all melee swings, not just single target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] now reduces the target's Finishing moves from Whirlwind Swipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per combo point reduced to 0.08%, down from 1.1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Whirlwind effects will now affect all melee swings, not just single target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] is now a low armor class ability, down from being a high end class ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Whirlwind now does periodic damage over time, rather than just single target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] effect changed to reduce duration rather than increase armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Whirlwind's effect has been reduced to 10% increased duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] effect reduced to 10% increased duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rage of Rivendare] damage increased by 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per combo point reduced to 0.08%, down from 1.1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rampant 4-piece set bonus] redesigned. Instead of a passive effect granting 5% damage reduction, it now provides a 5% chance to trigger your own [Mocking Blow] critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rampant ] redesigned. Instead of a passive effect granting 5% damage reduction, it now provides a 5% chance to trigger your own [Ravager] periodic damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravager] periodic damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] no longer has a max range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage bonus increased to 25%, up from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage per tick increased to 15%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage per combo point reduced to 25%, down from 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] no longer has a start cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] no longer has a start mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravage] damage bonus increased to 25%, up from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Beast Cleave] redesigned. It now restores mana based on the pet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s (and the player\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s) maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Malfurion's Gift] no longer has a prerequisite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Potion of Death] now heals based on a percentage of the target\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Insight] now provides a bonus to Spirit instead of a flat amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Command] now provides a heal-over-time effect instead of a percentage of the target\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wrath] now has a chance to trigger when damage is absorbed instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Stoneskin] now reduces the duration of [Stone Sentinel] on the Monk by 10 seconds, down from 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Burst of Speed] is once again a usable ability against all targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cloak of Shadows] is once again a usable ability against all targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cloak of Shadows can now be used properly while charmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense], [Savage Defense], and [Savage Defense] now all have a 0% chance to reduce the duration of Physical damage taken by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] now properly has a 1% chance to proc, and had its tooltip updated to reflect that it increases the chance to resist the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] can now proc when the Rogue is not facing their target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] now properly has a 1% chance to proc, and had its tooltip updated to reflect that it increases the chance to resist the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] can now be dispelled when using [Steady Shot] on yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] now properly has a 1% chance to proc, and had its tooltip updated to reflect that it increases the chance to resist the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] now properly has a 1% chance to proc, and had its tooltip updated to reflect that it increases the chance to resist the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Zap] now has a chance to proc when the Rogue is not facing their target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] is now a level-90 Talent, up from Level-20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot]: This ability had a tooltip that indicated it increased the chance to resist the damage increase. That has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Zed Fangs] now have a chance to generate [Honor Points] when the Rogue deals a critical strike with [Steady Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Zedran's Grip] now has a 1% chance to proc when the Rogue hits with [Furious Attacks] or [Rip] is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ancestral Awakening] is once again usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Belt of the Unbreakable Spirit] is once again usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fire Nova] is once again usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Tide Totem] is once again usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stormstrike] is now usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunderbolt] is now usable after recieving a critical strike while it is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tidal Waves] now has a listed spell tooltip. The actual functionality is that it triggers a global cooldown as opposed to a specific cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleash Elements] now has a listed spell tooltip. The actual functionality is that it triggers a global cooldown as opposed to a specific cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Curse of Shadow] and [Vampiric Touch] talent trees have been updated to have more talent points available for Affliction Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Weakness] now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Demonic Circle] is now usable while channeling [Grimoire of Weakness].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grimoire of Ticks] now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Harvest Life] now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Harvest Life now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Haunt] cooldown has been reduced to 20 seconds, down from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Corruption] will now stack with [Curse of Shadow].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Corruption] will now stack with [Curse of Disease].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Havoc] now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Greed] now has a listed effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Sacrifice] now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent] now gives the Mage damage absorption, in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arcane Torrent is now also activated by [Arcane Explosion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Power cost reduced to match the damage increased by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] no longer cancels when it interferes with collision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now has a 15 second recharge time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Orb] now has a 15 second recharge time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Killing Machine] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] is now triggered by any damage other than magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyromaniac] has been reworked. Its effectiveness has been reduced, and it now has a 30 second recharge time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Storm Calls] reworked. It now has a 15 second recharge time, but no longer has a limit on casting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dispersion] reworked. Its effectiveness has been reduced, and its cooldown has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Talent: [Demonic Aegis] (Shadow) - Grants your summoned demon power for a short duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Immolation Aura] no longer increases damage done by the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] now has a 15 second recharge time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion] reworked. It now has a 30 second charge recovery cooldown, but no longer has a limit on casting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Psychic Scream] reworked. Its effectiveness has been reduced, and its cooldown has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now has a 1 second cast time (was a 15 second. No longer causes additional threat).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Seed of Corruption now has a 1 second cast time, but is reset if it is ever cancelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sow the Seeds] reworked. It now has a 30 second charge recovery cooldown, but no longer has a limit on casting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] reworked. Its effectiveness has been reduced, and its cooldown has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]: 15 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Subtlety}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] will now be canceled if the target is disarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Find Weakness] can now be used while stealthed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master of Subtlety] now has a 30 second cooldown (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Saber Slash] now has a 1.5 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sword Specialization] now increases the damage of [Sword Specialization] by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rake] now has a 25% chance to drop an epic helm (up from a 15% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rip] now has a 25% chance to drop an epic mace (up from a 15% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New epic loot drops for major faction paladin auras have been added!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Light's Hammer] should now always drop a helm or mace for the class given it is associated with that particular boon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sanctified Retribution] should now always drop an epic mace (up from a 10% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrath of the Lightbringer] no longer deals damage, and now has a 20% chance to drop a helm or mace for the class given it is associated with that particular boon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Retaliation] now makes [Retaliation] cost 30% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] now reduces Frostbolt damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces Frostbolt damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] is now available only to Fire mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] is now available only to Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] is now available only to Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ice Lance damage and mana cost increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ice Barrier is now available only to Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now available only to Fire mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces Frostbolt damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces Frostbolt damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] no longer reduces Frostbolt damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now available only to Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now available only to Fire mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] is now available only to Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The number of Frostbolt damage spells available per second has been increased to 100, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The bonus to Frostbolt damage for Frost mages has been increased to 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The effect of [Frostbolt] has been increased to 20%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Frost Shock] is now always available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased to 50%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Trap] is now a passive effect, and is no longer a talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Trap] is now a 3-point talent, and now also reduces damage taken by 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Trap] can now be triggered by any damage, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased to 50%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] is now a 3-point talent, and now also reduces damage taken by 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] is now a 3-point talent, and now also decreases damage taken by 2.5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] is now a 3-point talent, and now has both a physical and a mental component.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased to 50%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] no longer has a chance to break early, and now always breaks instantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now hits harder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Talent: [Shattered Defenses]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A permanent reduction to damage taken earned by a faction from battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunderstorm] now generates a pulse every 15 seconds, up from 6.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windchaos effects triggered by [Earthquake] now have a chance to break early, and now have a chance to break early on each cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Earth Shield]: Increases the amount healed by Earth Shield by 10% for 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Earthquake]: Summons an earthquake that hits harder against targets over level 63.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthbolt] now has a 50% chance to trigger a Soul Flame Empowered effect on the Shaman, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul of the Forest]: Reduced the energy required to activate this effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Will of the Forest]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence]: This talent has been changed to reduce the chance for Druids to be dispelled when casting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Malfurion's Gift]: This talent has been replaced with [Improved Restoration], which benefits all healing done by a small amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Swiftness]: This talent has been split into different versions depending on specialization. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Restoration version benefits from Nature's Swiftness increased, and the direct healing portion benefit reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Vigil]: The bonus healing from this talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Astral Communion]: This talent has been split into different versions depending on specialization. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Balance version benefits from Astral Communion increased, and the healing portion has been split with Power Word: Solace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Feral version benefits from Feral Instincts increased, and the healing portion has been split with Redemption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Swiftness]: This talent has been split into different versions depending on specialization. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Restoration version benefits from Nature's Swiftness increased, and the healing portion has been split with Power Word: Solace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Feral version benefits from Feral Instincts increased, and the healing portion has been split with Redemption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Vigil]: The bonus healing from this talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prowl]: Hunters can now use this ability when they have [Tiger's Lust] active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scare Beast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Strike] (Marksmanship): This ability has been split into two versions depending on the hunter's gender. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Steady Shot]: This ability has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Trueshot Aura]: This ability has been split into two versions depending on the hunter's gender. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Steady Shot: This ability has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Timeless Stratagem] redesigned: The bonus damage to close combat abilities is now calculated before armor, and the effect is not cumulative with other effects. No longer reduces armor, and instead of increasing attack power, it now increases damage done by the hunter equal to 4% of their spellpower (modified by their attack power) + 4% of their attack power. Effectiveness is calculated before armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting] is no longer available to Feral Attack Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were a few mergers of passive abilities, and some tweaks to a couple of abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Swiftness] has been merged with Tricks of the Trade, and can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] now properly increases the critical strike chance of the shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tick Tock] will now proc correctly when the hunter is dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hibernate] will now work properly with [Distracting Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mongoose Bite] now has a clear line of sight and no longer has a chance to place Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON - THE UNDERNEATH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader in Undernet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Collect rewards in the Undernet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new Nagrand items}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON - THE UNDERWATER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new Nagrand items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new weapons and armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new pets and beasts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new toys}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new mounts and toys}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW MISTS AND REPUTATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new altador items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new toys}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new gladiator items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new pets and beasts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new mounts and mounts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new battleground items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Defeat the enemy faction leader}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new pets and mounts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new toys}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Win awesome new trophies and medals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Recruit the most elite of your faction's brawlers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Recruit a new arena team}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Test your might against the most difficult of our challenges}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Recruit the most elite of your faction's brawlers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Recruit a new arena team}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Test your might against the most difficult of our challenges}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icecap] now only applies to [Icecap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lichborne] is now learned at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Festering Strike] is now learned at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thick Hide] is now learned at level 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Wave] is now learned at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Monk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rising Sun Kick] is now learned at level 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Blast] is now learned at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenger's Shield] is now learned at level 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crusader's Judgment] is now learned at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Assassination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sinister Strike] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthquake] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonbolt] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Developers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 notes: All damage changes to class abilities listed above are for low}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Death Coil]: The effect on this spell will no longer be consumed if a shaman is killed while using it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earthliving Weapon]: This ability will no longer trigger when a shaman with this talent perform a somatic heal on themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Elemental Mastery]: This talent will now work properly with [Elemental Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Elemental Mastery]: Talent removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Flametongue Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with [Elemental Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with [Elemental Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Wave]: All ranks of this talent will now trigger correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Water Elemental Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with Windfury Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rockbiter Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with Windfury Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Silencing Shot]: This talent now works correctly with Windfury Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spellsteal]: This talent can no longer be triggered by the death of the shaman's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Water Shield]: This talent will no longer fail when a Shaman with this talent attack himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Totems: Totems that resist charm, deafness, and bleed effects will no longer fail to work against players charmed or knocked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Water Shield]: This talent will no longer fail when a Shaman with this talent attack himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with Windfury Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Weapon]: This talent now works correctly with Windfury Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Totems: Totems that resist charm, deafness, and bleed effects will no longer fail to work against players charmed or knocked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Agony] and [Corruption] will no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Immolate] will now cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Curse of Agony and [Corruption] will no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Curse of Tongues] will now cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Curse of Weakness]: This curse will now work correctly again. It was never removed, despite some people believing otherwise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drain Life] will now cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon] will now cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Life Tap]: This ability will no longer cause threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will no longer cause threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Vengeance]: This ability will no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Vengeance]: This ability will no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will now be removed if a player leaves the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will now only work once per account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Vengeance]: This ability will now work properly with farming rows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will no longer be removed if the caster dies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Armored to the Teeth]: This talent will now trigger properly from <<Charge>> and <<Destroy Sturdy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anticipation]: This talent now works properly when a party follower is attacked while riding in a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anticipation]: This talent now works properly when characters are stunned while riding in vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Avenger's Shield] will now be triggered properly when attacked while riding in a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Might] will now work properly with [Overpower].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bladestorm] will now work properly when multiple Warriors use a single [Overpower] after [Bladestorm].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death from Above]: This talent will now work properly with [Sweeping Strikes].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Defensive Stance]: This talent now increases damage reduction to an appropriate amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Defensive Stance]: This talent now works properly when characters are stunned while in [Defensive Stance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hamstring] will now work properly with [Shield Block].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [In For The Kill]: This talent will now trigger properly when a Warrior is attacked while using [Stealth].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [In For The Kill]: This talent can no longer get more than one rank and can no longer be triggered by different feats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Iron Will]: This talent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meritless Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Damage limited to $10k OVR, down from $15k}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Magma Totem] damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rockbiter Weapon] movement slow effect reduced to 30%, down from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Searing Flames] - Now deals damage with a Lightning effect and cost Energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Searing Flames] - Damage over time won't cause suppression, and damage disoriented effects will not trigger the cooldown or cost Energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conflagration] damage disoriented effect decreased to 10/20% disoriented effect, down from 15/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] will now disarmed targets, up from 10/15/20/25/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weapon Skill now affects the critical strike chance of [Windfury Weapon], [Windfury Weapon]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Weapon skill now affects the critical strike chance of the weapon (as compared to unarmed strike chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Weapon skill no longer affects the critical strike chance of the weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The damage of many abilities has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Some Restoration totems have had their mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chain Heal] - This spell has had its casting re-evaluated by the talents and paladin polarity system. It is our goal to make the healing and self-preservation of the healer as attractive as possible, so we are continuing to tweak the system to achieve that. Additionally, we are lowering the base healing of Chain Heal to achieve that, while retaining its effectiveness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cure Disease] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Abolish Disease] - Mana cost increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fire Ward] - Will now absorb damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Ward] - Will now absorb damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Cure Disease] now increases the amount healed by 3/6/9%, down from 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Malfurion's Gift] - This spell is no longer a proc, and will not be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mol Bob] (Dire) - Will now clear resistance from the casting priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Purify Disease] - Mana cost now reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of the Crusader] - Is now dispellable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of the Morning] (Retribution) - This ability has had its range increased. It also has had its mana cost increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Wisdom] - Is now dispellable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Protection] - Is now dispellable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] - Dispellable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Vengeance] - Unholy damage effect reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Corruption] - Mana cost now reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Fury] - Unholy damage effect reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Conquest] - Unholy damage effect reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Fury] - Damage effect reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] - Damage effect reduced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Abolish Disease] - Will now clear resistance from the casting priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anticipation] - This ability has been adjusted to make it a passive effect instead of a buy/sell. It is now a permanent aura ability and is learned at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anomaly] - This ability has been adjusted to avoid unnecessary button bloat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anesthetic Poison] - Now only applies to the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessed Resilience] - Now only applies to the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessed Resilience] - Now only applies to the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dampen Magic] - This spell now has its mana cost adjusted to make it more understandable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hex] - This spell now has a more clear warning visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Incinerate] - This spell has had its damage adjusted to be more in line with other damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Incinerate] - This spell now has an on-use effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Burn] - This ability now has a more clear warning visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molstering] - This ability has been adjusted to not cause threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Paranoia] - This effect has been changed to cause normal threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starshards] - This ability has had its duration increased. In addition, its cooldown has been changed to 6 sec down from 10 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Teleport: Boots] - Will now stop the teleport when the target moves within range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap]: This ability no longer activates Mimiron's Girth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starshards] now has a 1 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence] now has a small chance to trigger per Cast of [Healing Touch] cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of the Phoenix] now also makes [Lifebloom] heal an ally when it heals a non-heal target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riptide]: This talent has been replaced with a new spell, [Riptide], which is triggered when the Riptide-immune target is hit by [Healing Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tidal Waves] now also makes [Lifebloom] heal an ally when it heals a non-heal target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Lifeless Barrier] has been replaced with a new glyph called [Glyph of Rapid Rejuvenation], which is learned by all Restoration shaman. Upon using [Riptide], the shaman will gain [Regrowth] for 6 seconds with a 1.5-second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Stoneform] has been redesigned. It now causes [Healing Touch] to heal the shaman for 5% of maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grounding Totem] is no longer usable while riding any vehicle, and no longer has a sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Rain] no longer incorrectly procs a heal on every tick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Magma Totem] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rockbiter] can no longer be used while mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Searing Flames] no longer has a sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tidal Waves] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleash Life] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ancestral Guidance] is currently not receiving any changes to the Shaman talent line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Grounding Totem] has not been replaced with a new talent, and is still available for Shaman at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Elemental Familiars] has not been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental Familiars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Echo of the Elements] now has a 20-second cooldown (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flame Shock] is now correctly immune to reducing effects (including self-cast) while active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flametongue Weapon] has been changed to not apply a damage bonus to primary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lightning Bolt] is now correctly immune to critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Searing Flames] has been redesigned. It now has a chance to be triggered when the shaman takes direct damage from a melee attack, and the shaman must wait until the next tick (or until the Fire Elemental Spirit is summoned) before using it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] no longer applies [Grounding Totem] and is now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Grounding Totem] has been replaced with a new Glyph of Evacuation, which is learned at level 42.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Evacuation] now causes [Evacuation] to heal the shaman for 5% of maximum health after it clears a root, stun, or fear effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ancestral Awakening] does not always remove roots and stuns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ancestral Vigor] is a low-level talent that replaces [Grounding Totem], which is learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Elemental Fury] is a high-level talent that replaces [Grounding Totem], which is learned at level 40.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dragon's Breath] no longer has a cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ebonbolt] no longer has a cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ebonbolt] no longer has a cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost] now has a 20 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] can only be extended to 60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] no longer has a flight path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] can only be extended to 60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Army of the Dead] duration increased to 20 seconds (was 15 seconds), and now shares a cooldown with Raise Dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Army of the Dead] is no longer a talent, and is a now a passive ability learned by all necropolis drain spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Raise Dead] is now [Glyph of Walking Dead].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Walking Dead] is now [Glyph of Endless Hunger].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Race Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Begun in Braavos] now displays the correct character name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Black Arrow] is now [Glyph of Arrow of Searing Bone].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Crazed Eye] now appropriately applies to non-combat pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Fallen Idol] now properly applies to fallen idols.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lion] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Night Elf racial abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Razorfang Weapon] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Blood Elf racial abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Swathe] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Dwarf racial abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Trample] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Gnome racial abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Tireless Runner] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Tauren racial abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Vampire's Bite] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Undead race abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Weakened Blows] is no longer a glyph and is now a racial ability learned by all Undead race abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Suggested Level 8)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 8 Fire Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 8 Frost Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 9 Silk Touch Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 9 Festivus Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 10 Grim Batol Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 11 Arugal's Rest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 12 Thunder Bluff Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 13 Darnassus Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Suggested Level 12)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 12 Fire Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 12 Frost Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Suggested Level 13)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 13 Frost Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 14 Un'Goro Crater Bonfires}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Heroic dungeons and raids now reward at least 1 Epic item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Mythic dungeons and raids now reward at least 2 Epic items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Heroic dungeons and raids once again reward multiple items.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcanist Gloves] were causing players to forget their [Constitution Potions] were even available again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conquest Pouch] has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * [Conquest Pouch] can now be purchased in bulk for a small value at a store}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Hand] now increases the critical chance of Cleave and [Fists of Fury] by 7/13/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Up Close and Personal] now increases the damage dealt by [Fists of Fury] by 30/60% and causes the next melee attack to be a critical hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Battle Standard] is now a passive talent that causes [Berserker Rage] to increase all damage done by 10/20% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Juggernaut] now also increases the duration of Concussion Blow by 1m.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] no longer has a target limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Furious Strikes] now has a 10-yard range (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Blow] now has 3 charges, and is no longer a foot weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] now shares a target limit with [Furious Strikes], and is no longer a foot weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew] now increases damage by 5/10% and no longer shares a target limit with [Furious Strikes].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rampant 1] is now [Rampant Fire], [Rampant Shadow], and [Rampart].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rampart] haste is now 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rampart] damage reduction is now 30% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Barkskin] is no longer a talent and is now a 3-point talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blessed Resilience] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Hamstring] now has 3 charges and is no longer a foot weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Wrecking Crew] now increases damage by 5/10%, and no longer has a target limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Wrecking] no longer shares a target limit with [Furious Strikes].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Inquiry of Faith] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Inquisition] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Seal of Truth] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Seal of Command] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Seal of Vengeance] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Avenging Crusader] is now [Avenger's Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blessed Resilience] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Guardian of Ancient Kings] is now [Shield of Ancient Kings].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Knight of the Eternal Dawn] is now [Shield of the Eternal Dawn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Knight of the Eternal Flame] is now [Shield of Eternal Flame].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Inquisition] is now a 3-point talent (was 1-point talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Spirit of Tides] is now [Spiritual Focus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Vengeance] is now [Vengeance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reforge] is now a buff that triggers every 15 seconds and heals the mage for 5% of their maximum health (was 5% health absorbed). Reforge now only works on the mage casting a Water Elemental.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] no longer has a start time, but now has a 3 minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icy Veins] now increases [Icy Veins] by 120% (was 500%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] is now also triggered by damage caused by other sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Skin] trait now also applies to damage caused by Frostbolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] is now a 3-point talent, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Skin] now increases damage caused by other sources by 70% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] damage has been increased by 32%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now always procs, regardless of range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] no longer has a cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] no longer has a chance to proc when the mage is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] procs when the mage is stunned no longer have a chance to proc when the target resists the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt], [Frostfire Bolt], [Frostbolt] and [Frostbolt] range changed to 20 yards (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt], [Frostfire Bolt], [Frostfire Bolt], [Frostfire Bolt] now always procs regardless of range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now always procs, regardless of range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] no longer has a chance to proc when the mage is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now always procs, regardless of range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now is a passive spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] is now a passive spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] damage has been increased by 33%. In addition, the damage of Frostfire Bolt has been increased by 33% to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by 16%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Strike] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cone of Cold] damage caused by Sorcerers has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conjure Mana Gem] now refunds 100% Mana while in the Esper form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Evangelism] now also causes [Fracture] to reduce the cast time of your next [Frost Shock] by 0.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] damage has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] now flies faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] is now available at level 35.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] now functions like a smart heal and healing it when appropriate. It will only heal as a smart heal and will only heal based on the damage taken (base and modifiers) of the spell. It will not heal for damage caused by spells with less than 5% of the casting time. While this will make the spell more attractive to healers, it creates a larger number of problems for the game design as a whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] now has a base duration of 8 seconds (up from 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] now has a 15 second cooldown (down from 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Fingers] can now be purchased at level 30 with [Frostfire Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icefist] no longer has a chance to disarm traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icefury] no longer has a chance to disarm traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icebrand] duration has been increased to 4 seconds (up from 3 seconds), and max duration has been increased to 12 seconds (up from 10 seconds). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frostbrand] duration has been increased to 4 seconds (up from 3 seconds), and max duration has been increased to 12 seconds (up from 10 seconds). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Icefury can now be purchased with Frostfire Bolt and Chill effects at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icebrand] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icefury] now has a chance to disarm traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icefury] no longer has a chance to disarm traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icebrand] duration has been increased to 4 seconds (up from 3 seconds), and the effect has been reduced to 10% (down from 15%) from the original effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Shards] are now found in a random loot chest (instead of sitting on a player's loot pile).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icewater Spray] is now only available to Fire mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] damage has been increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Blast] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] no longer has a target limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mind Blast now has a 35-yard range. In addition, the damage has been reduced by 20% to compensate for the loss of the visual effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] has been re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The visual effect is now more obvious when the target is dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The duration has been changed from five seconds to three seconds to better convey the amount of damage per second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] now flies faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] now has a 100% chance to proc when the mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Anti-Magic Shell] now only applies to the caster. The effect is fairly weak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wand Specialization] has been removed. The effects of this talent have been transferred to spell-like abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For mages, we removed several of the unused and niche abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Mage spells that now benefit from + armor have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: Mage spells that now benefit from + spell damage have been removed. In addition, we removed one of the strongest Arcane effects in the game, [Arcane Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: The effect of this ability has been transferred to a new spell, [Arcane Missiles].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: This spell now deals damage instead of stunning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now deals damage instead of stunning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Mage spells that now benefit from + armor have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Orb]: This spell has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This spell has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This spell now triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Mage spells that now benefit from + armor have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This spell now triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blast Wave]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cleave] damage increased to 6% (was 4%), and range increased to 40 yards (was 35 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Colossus Smash] damage increased to 6% (was 4%), cooldown increased to 1.5 (was 1.0%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dauntless] duration increased to 12 seconds (was 10 seconds), and cooldown increased to 30 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Battle] is now also triggered by [Hurricane].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury version of Colossus Smash damage increased to 7% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Furious Howl] damage increased to 5% (was 4%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Strike] damage increased to 10% (was 7%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury version of Colossus Smash damage increased to 7% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Galactic Guardian] is now available to Fury, and increases all damage dealt by 20% (was 8%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Galactic Overlord] damage increased to 5% (was 4%), cooldown increased to 12 seconds (was 10 seconds), and the effect now has a chance to reset the cooldown of Colossus Smash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gorefiend's Grasp] is now triggered by [Cannonball Barrage].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gripped by the Web] is now triggered by [Cannonball Barrage].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lava Parasite] now has a 30-yard range (was 20 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Feed] cost increased to 2% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Marked for Death] is now triggered by [Obliterate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sludge Belcher]'s damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vicious Strikes] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt] now has a 50% chance to proc [Frostfire Orb], up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Orb] can now be cast while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova] damage increased to 70% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ignite damage increased to 30% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Blast] damage increased to 45% (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Explosion] damage increased to 60% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blizzard] damage increased to 35% (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conjure Mana Gem] mana cost increased to 2% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Spring Totem] is now triggered by [Mana Feed].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Totem Mastery] is now triggered by [Mana Feed].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     PALADIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Might] now provides 10% haste (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Wisdom] now increases [Righteous Fury] proc chance by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Might] now provides 20% haste (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] now increases [Judgment] proc chance by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hammer of Justice] is now a flat spell damage spell, deals damage every 2 seconds (was 3 seconds), and has a 20 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hammer of Wrath] damage increased to 50% weapon damage (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Inquisition] is now a 20-player dungeon and raid quest with a timer (was a 2-player raid dungeon and raid quest) and a maximum cap of 100 per boss (was 50 for 5 bosses).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Repentance] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowguard] is now a flat physical ability, no longer a magical spell, and uses a percentage of the Paladin's stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sword and Board] is now a flat physical ability, no longer a magical spell, and uses a percentage of the Paladin's stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Book of Kalid] can now be used while silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunderstorm] damage increased to 40% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     PRIEST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Clarity of Purpose] is now a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Frenzy] now also causes [Fervor of Battle] to trigger an additional 4 seconds (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Frenzy] is now also activated by [Mortal Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Whirlwind] now causes [Fervor of Battle] to extend the duration of all Whirlwind effects on the target by 6 seconds (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] is now also activated by [Slam].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Intercept] trait now reduces damage taken by 6% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Juggernaut] now also causes [Fervor of Battle] to extend the duration of all Whirlwind effects on the target by 6 seconds (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lambs to the Slaughter] now causes Mortal Strike to have a 2-second cooldown (was 1.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lambs to the Slaughter] no longer deals damage to secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lethargy Root] is now a disease, and can no longer be cured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now has a 15-second cooldown (was 9 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overpower] now has a 0-second cooldown (was 1.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reckless Strike] is now a 33% base attack (was 45%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] now has a 3-second cooldown (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] is now also activated by [Slam].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Combustion] no longer benefits Combo Points or Critical Strike, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ascendance] no longer benefits Combo Points, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bastion of Might] is now also activated by [Slam], and now causes all damage dealt to the primary target to also be dealt to the secondary target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crushing Assault] is now also activated by [Slam], and now causes all damage dealt to the primary target to also be dealt to the secondary target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Execute] no longer benefits Combo Points, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Furious Attacks] no longer benefits Combo Points, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] is now a bleed effect, and its bleed damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] no longer benefits Combo Points, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] no longer benefits Combo Points, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] no longer benefits from [Mortal Strike] being in the middle of a combo, and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew] no longer benefits from [Mortal Strike], and now only benefits from being in the middle of a combo (combo ends there).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rampage] has been replaced with [Glyph of Savage Defense].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Savage Defense] now causes [Mortal Strike] to reduce the cost of [Mortal Strike] by 5 Rage for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Victory] now causes [Mortal Strike] to reduce the duration of the remaining duration of [Victory].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unbridled Wrath}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eternal Flame]'s healing is no longer reduced by targets above 90% health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Jadefire Meditation] now heals for 60% of Spirit, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Leeching Flare] now heals for 20% of damage dealt, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Feed] now functions like a hybrid version of [Glyph of Mana Shield], with additional rotational benefits. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Mana Shield: The amount of mana the Monk gains from each attack wave is directly proportional to their base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Stance of the Fierce Tiger: Each attack the Monk gains from their Wushoolay increases their base mana by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mental Vitality] now also affects flash attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were a few mergers of passive abilities, and some tweaks to a few abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Breath of the Serpent] now has a 12 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chi Explosion] now has a duration of 8 seconds, down from 10. In addition, it no longer has a restriction on damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crackling Jade Lightning]'s mana cost has been reduced to 10%, down from 20%. In addition, its cooldown has been reduced to 8 seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elusive Dance] now has a 2-minute cooldown, down from 3, and its range has been increased to 40 yards, up from 30. Its cooldown has been increased to 8 seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fists of Fury] now also applies a 20% movement speed bonus, but no longer stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Force of Nature] now has both a base cast time and a new 2-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guardian of the Mists]'s radius has been increased to 30 yards, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [High Entropy] now also increases the duration of the next Oil Rush by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [In For The Kill]'s duration has been reduced to 8 seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Silence Of The Lambs] is now a passive ability for all Monk specializations, and has had its cooldown reduced to 8 seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Torrent of Mist] now has a chance to trigger only from heals, and now shares a cooldown with [Crackling Jade Lightning].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The biggest change here is the merger of Stance of the Fierce Tiger and Stance of the Fierce Tiger monk specializations. This change effectively removed one of the strongest abilities for a Monk, and opened up space for other rotational choices. One of the new abilities available is the Revive Ability, which we're gradually transitioning to in the next patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now provides a 5% increase to healing done (up from 3%), and [Fierce Tiger Palm] now provides 1 Chi each when used, instead of [Chi Burst] (instead of [Chi Mastery: Fierce Spirit]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now provides a 5% increase to healing done (up from 3%), and [Fierce Tiger Palm] now provides 1 Chi each when used, in addition to the Chi Burst and Stagger effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crackling Jade Lightning]'s duration has been increased to 30 seconds, up from 20. Its cooldown has been reduced to 2 minutes, down from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ignite] now deals damage to targets that are immune to physical attacks, and increases the damage of the next Burning Javelin [sic] by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] now has a cast time of 2.5 seconds, up from 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending] healing increased to 15%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Purify], [Purify Anaphylaxis] mana cost reduced to 15%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Radiance] now has a 15 second cooldown, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Solace] now has a 1.5 second cast time, up from 1.25 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead] now has 3 charges, up from 2, and has a 24 hour recharge time, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Resolve] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For rogues, a couple of abilities were changed to be specialization specific where they were redundant, did some thinning on cooldowns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Expose Armor] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] now only has one rank (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hemorrhage]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Killing Spree] no longer replaces the [Blind], and now has a duration of 24 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] no longer replaces the [Blind], and now has a duration of 24 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slice and Dice] no longer replaces the [Blind], and now has a 10-second cooldown (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade] no longer replaces the [Blind], and now has a duration of 24 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Turn the Tables] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] is now a level-90 Talent, replacing the previous 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Widow Venom] is now a level-60 Talent, replacing the previous 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Rogues received several mergers of passive abilities. We also removed several abilities which were redundant, did little damage, or were already mutually exclusive with existing abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Assassin's Resolve] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blindside]'s effects have been merged into baseline Mutilate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Burst of Speed] is no longer a talent, and is now a baseline ability. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mutilate] no longer replaces the [Blindside], and now has a duration of 24 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crippling Poison] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] now only replaces burrow attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte] is no longer a talent, and is now a baseline ability. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Riposte] no longer replaces the burrow attack, and now has a 15-second cooldown (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slice and Dice] no longer replaces the burrow attack, and now has a 6-second cooldown with Bursting Rush}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Arcane Blast]'s effect now reduces damage taken by 5% instead of 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now has a 1-second casting time (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] no longer damages secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] no longer damages the Warlock's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now replaces Corruption for Affliction Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now also reduces the target's healing received by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager Shot] now causes Physical damage, and no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow] no longer causes additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow]'s damage has been reduced by 20%, and its cooldown has been increased to 2 minutes (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shield Block] no longer increases the chance for damage will be blocked. Instead it provides a 5/10/15% damage reduction for 10 seconds, with a 0.5/1/2% chance for additional block chance based on the Warrior's attack power. In addition, it has a 1/2/3% chance to reduce the cooldown of Shield Block.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow]'s damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Bow] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Shield]: The effect of this talent is now secondary to damage reduction instead of being unique.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravaged Bone Shield] now provides damage reduction instead of increasing attack power reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scalding Water] no longer provides haste and mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Mushroom] now regenerates at a slower rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arena}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle for Gilneas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The first game will have a new neutral arena with a few changes to the usual Battleground terrain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The third game will be played in Stormwind or Orgrimmar, replacing Gilneas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The final game will be played in Stormwind or Orgrimmar, taking place in the Doomfire Ramparts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Strand of the Ancients}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Alliance team will defend their base from the Horde invasion. The Horde invasion forces are attempting to gain the upper hand by establishing a forward operating base in Strand of the Ancients. The opposing faction will attempt to stop the invasion by destroying the opposing faction's base in Battle for Gilneas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The flag will be raised at the end of each game. The starting lines of each game will be announced shortly after each match. The official Strand of the Ancients website will be the official Warcraft Battleground hub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Strand of the Ancients will have a new neutral arena, featuring a few changes to the usual Battleground terrain. The third game will be played in Stormwind or Orgrimmar, replacing Gilneas. The battle for Gilneas will be won by the defending faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The official website for Strand of the Ancients will be the official Warcraft}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For nearly two years, the two organizations representing Falkland Islanders have sat down together in the capital city, at the historic Town Hall, to hammer out a long-overdue settlement: the Faroe Islands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This site was named for a region in the South Seas, off the coast of Freetown. The Faroe Islands is now officially a part of the Faroe Islands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Faroe Islands is now home to a new, independent government led by a group of brave men who have taken refuge in the Town Hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Town Hall, as it exists on the Faroe Islands, is under siege from an unknown enemy. The Fortress of Stone has been added to the mix of defensive measures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stonehearth, the new level 80 quest line will be offered to players who are exalted with the Faroe Islands. However, the power of Stonehearth will only be available for players who are not exalted with the Faroe Islands. This means that players who are not exalted with the Faroe Islands will be able to travel to Stonehearth, and those who are exalted with the Faroe Islands will only be able to visit Stonehearth. This will be addressed through a future patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to fly or use Flying mount abilities from outside the game. In the mean time, players who use Flying mount abilities from within the game will be forced to learn the corresponding flying mount ability from the trainer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Faroe Islands has been given a name: Stonehearth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stonehearth is the official name for the Stonehearth faction located in the South Seas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stonehearth is led by Captain Galvangar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stonehearth is represented in the Alliance capital by General Vandis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to build or purchase buildings unless they join the Faroe Islands faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The name of the Stonehearth faction currently resides in the Krasarang Wilds. The faction will eventually be changed to Stonehearth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Stonehearth faction will eventually be changed to Stonehearth if enough players object to the current faction name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is actually the Second Sight faction. The Second Sight faction was formed when the original faction, Stormcry, reverted to being a healing faction. Therefore, the current Stonehearth faction is not necessarily a part of the "Stonehearth" family.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is not associated with the Stormcry faction at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is not associated with any of the major powers in Alterac Valley. Alterac Valley is being redesigned for this reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is not associated with the Horde or Alliance either. They are all independent factions with their own storylines. Alterac Valley is being redesigned for this reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is not associated with the Scarlet Monastery either. They are all separate from each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is not associated with the Ursine Monastery either. They are all separate from each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current Stonehearth faction is "Not Found" meaning they have not been unlocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A faction will be unlocked and immediately removed by a quest. The nearest available faction is the one closest to your faction's name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Quest givers will be notified when a player obtains a quest that will lead to a faction higher up the quest chain. The givers will have a 3 minute cooldown before they will allow players to complete a quest for which they have not been notified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Non-combat pets are now flagged as Humanoid so they can be tapped and pulled towards a player's minimap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new option has been added under Video Options called Combat Mouse. This mouse option can be accessed by clicking on the Combat Mouse option in the Video Options menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new option, Mouse Click to Move, has been added which disables mouse movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New art textures have been added for the mounts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New art textures have been added for players and mounts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to access the forums by joining as a Guest. In order to use the forums, players must first invite a Player to join the channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new feature has been added which allows players to make profession-specific emotes. Emojis can be made using the Emote Builder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new feature has been added which allows players to make profession-specific emotes more visible. Emotes can be made using the Make Emote ( ) and Set Emote ( ) action buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new feature has been added which allows players to create new emotes more quickly. Emotes can be created with the Add Emote Action Button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new action bar has been added to the Job Hunter UI which will display}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nimboya's Secret]: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as a potion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Primordius Incantatem]: The bonus spell damage from this enchantment will now correctly be consumed by casting higher level spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune Tap]: This item can now be looted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tome of the Lightbringer]: The tooltip now indicates it counts as a potion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Crystalforged Treads]: The bonus damage on this item was being consumed when it became bound to skin. It is now bound to skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HORDE CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can no longer accept Horde invites to Horde Dungeons, and we have banned players from entering Horde dungeons (via the Dungeon Finder) in order to improve the experience for everyone involved. It's been a long time coming, but we're finally making some changes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Horde Dungeons: The rewards have been modified to be more in line with our goals for a PvP experience: Low level, high resource investment. Combat Potency is a bonus passive ability granted by tanks and healers that gives players an advantage in the PvP environment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Oil of Immolation]: This item was never intended to be a part of the armor set. We have adjusted the tooltip on this item to better explain its function and how it affects the attack power contribution from tanks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        [Arcane Potency] passive is now a passive effect learned by mages at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: The mana return effect for Arcane Potency is now a shared buff with all other mana regeneration effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: The buff from this ability has been modified to work similar to a warrior talent called "Might of the Frozen Wastes". In addition, Arcane Explosion can no longer trigger "Might of the Frozen Wastes".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Some missiles in the game which spent a percentage of their total mana cost on a direct damage component were replaced with a percentage of their total mana cost as a direct damage component. We made that change to reduce the direct damage component and improve the efficiency of our mana regeneration effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: The damage over time component has been removed and will work in a similar manner to a warrior ability called "Might of the Frozen Wastes". In addition, Arcane Explosion can no longer trigger "Might of the Frozen Wastes".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: Damage over time will no longer cause this ability to trigger and consume up to an additional charge from the Arcane Explosion talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability now shares a cooldown with all other mana cost effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now shares a cooldown with all other mana cost effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Bomb]: Bomb functionality has been improved and no longer functions like a ranged weapon. It now functions like a melee weapon and has the same range as bows/staves. In addition, a bug caused the damage from this ability to not trigger a global cooldown has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability can now trigger while the mage is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: This ability now shares a cooldown with all other mana cost effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now shares a cooldown with all other mana cost effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability now shares a cooldown with all other mana cost effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This ability now triggers when the mage gets stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability no longer triggers from damage caused by the mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This ability now triggers when the mage gets stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This ability now triggers when the mage gets interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Remove the following duplicates from your general ledger:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * You can find this information in the Bank of Things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * You can search for Duplicates in the Bank of Things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Bank of Transactions }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The first transaction you make in a new bank will be added to the Bank of Transactions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The first item you put in the Transactions tab will be moved there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The time it requires to make a purchase (deposit/withdraw) with a different checkbox is now displayed in the Client Info pane. It can be toggled from the GUI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The confirmation dialog for buying/selling items has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When items are being put up for sale, if the item being up for bid is the same item and quantity as the item being sold, it will automatically go to the buyer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The confirmation dialog for buying/selling gold and other buyable items has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The stack size has been changed to 64, which is still the maximum size allowed in Wowhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The language setting has changed so that all buttons, including the ones that show text, will now update in real time. Previously, this was only for mouse buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Actions that do not require mouse clicks to be taken now have full functionality with the new mouse buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Removed the redundant checkboxes from the Interface Options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Client types are now listed together with the new 'Enable XMP' setting in the 'Advanced Options' panel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Blizzard Launcher now has a chat window for group chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI Addon for UI Addon: AddOns now has a 'Status Bar' checkbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All UI AddOns that had a 'Mouse' option have now changed to 'Mouse'.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All UI AddOns that did not have a 'Mouse' option have now changed to 'Mouse'.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Removed the checkbox from the 'Advanced Options' panel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new 'Label' setting that allows a group of buttons to be assigned a color.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows items to be reassigned to the action bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows players to make actions appear as groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows players to make group icons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows group members to make group content appear as rows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for adding and removing groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a width slider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for adding and removing groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for group content to be placed on the player's action bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for changing the size of the action bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for swapping items between the action bar and the main UI window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for swapping groups between the group UI and the main UI window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a checkbox that allows for changing the font size of the combat log window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The UI AddOn for UI AddOn: AddOns now has a spacing slider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new optional UI element, 'Combat Log' has been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new optional UI element, 'Console Input' has been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Avenging Wrath] now also grants the warrior a shield with which to fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The warrior can now use [Sweeping Strikes] and [Mortal Strike] while under the effects of [Glyph of Steady Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mortal Strike] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vigilance] is now learned at level 30 (was level 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Widow Venom] is now learned at level 38 (was level 24).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bloodrage] duration has been reduced to 8 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Execute] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Battle] is now learned at level 30 (was level 24).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [In For The Kill] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rampant ] is now passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Poison] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Widow Venom] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unquenchable Soul] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Precision] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravager] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravager] now has a 0.75 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Viper Sting] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Concussion] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mend] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shield Block] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage has been increased by 16%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] can now be dodged, parried, or blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Steady Shot] damage has been increased by 17%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stand Your Ground] can now be activated by any ranged attack, not just single target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Tanking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ignore Pain] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ignore Pain is now a level-30 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Killing Machine] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Heavy Medusa] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Marked for Death] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravaged] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] can now be activated by any ranged attack, not just single target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Survival Instincts] now has a 100% chance to activate (was 50% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thick Hide] now reduces physical damage taken by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserker Stance] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] damage has been increased by 17%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rake] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserker Stance] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserker Stance] is now a level-60 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] damage has been increased by 17%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Devastate] damage has been increased by 13%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Disarm] can no longer be used to remove buffs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pummel] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Knock Away] can now be used to knock away only the primary target of the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pulverize] damage has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Charge] now causes [Soul Charge] to immediately heal the Warlock's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstable Affliction]'s [Unstable Affliction] effect is now properly classified as a Curse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstable Power] now shows the number of points of damage reduction to which the Warlock can apply Truefaith.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vanilla Guardians] has been changed to state that it applies to all types of Guardians, not just Death Knights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WARRIOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For warriors, we removed several abilities specifically designed for them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Battle Shout] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodrage] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [In For The Kill] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Barrier] can now be applied to non-head attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] is now available to Arms and Fury Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] now does damage to secondary targets, up from just primary targets. Secondary targets will include not just the primary target but also other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] now does damage to all targets that move faster than 30% of the warrior's normal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] is now available to Fury and Arms warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Barrier] can now be applied to non-head attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Barrier] can now be removed by any reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] damage has been reduced by 20% for Fury Warriors, but it should now be reduced by 30% for Arms and Fury Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Specialization] is now available to Fury warriors. It reduces damage taken by the warrior's primary target by 15%, and up to 5 other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] now does damage to all targets that move faster than 30% of the warrior's normal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were several mergers of passive abilities. There was also a need for additional cooldowns to be placed on abilities. One of the biggest issues with warrior abilities was that they were all stacked together in your mana pool making it difficult to resetting. We've reduced the mana cost of several abilities to try to split up the abilities into smaller scripts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now deals damage to all targets that move faster than 30% of the warrior's normal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager] now deals damage to all targets that move faster than 30% of the warrior's normal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mocking Blow] now only consumes one charge of Mocking Blow per swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rend] now only consumes one charge of Rend per swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revenge] now only consumes one charge of Revenge per Battle Cry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Retaliation] now only consumes one charge of Retaliation per Battle Cry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rampant Fire] now only consumes one charge of Ramp Fire per Battle Cry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Retaliation] is now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Storm Quiver] now has a 10-round cooldown (up from 5 rounds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker] benefits have been merged into Warhorse's Blessing of Windseeker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wand Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Army of the Dead] is now available to all Death Knights at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grimoire of Valkas](http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/forum/wow/en/wow.aspx?x=119&y=14) has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Heart of the Dead] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Necrosis] is now available only to Unholy Death Knights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rage of Rivendare] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] is now available only to Destruction Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unstable Graviton] can now only be triggered by damage and cannot be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Demonology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Demonbolt] is now available only to Demonology Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Impending Doom] is now permanently dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lash of Pain] (Demonology) is now available only to Demonology Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lash of Vengeance] (Demonology) is now available only to Demonology Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lash of the Veil] (Shadow) is now available only to Subtlety Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Destruction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Backdraft] (Destruction) is now instant cast, has a 1.5-second cast time, and heals for 50% damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conflagrate] now requires a Reaper's Reap (reaper's harvest), an Adherents' Elixir, and the Adherents' Courage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent at level 110: [Conflagrate] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Converts an Immolate or Chaos Bolt into an Adherents' Elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conflagrate] costs 25 Adherents' Courage, and Converts an Adherents' Elixir into a Rune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conversion] costs 50 Runes, and has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grimoire of Supremacy] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent at level 30, replacing [Mana Tap]: [Eradication] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 [Conversion] costs 30 Runes, and has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent at level 30, replacing [Mana Tap]: [Eradication] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Converts an Immolate or Chaos Bolt into an Adherents' Elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent at level 30, replacing [Mana Tap]: [Eradication] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 For each of the first five seconds that you have not been hit by an attack, gain 15% of your mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent at level 15, replacing [Mana Tap]: [Eradication] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 For each of the first five seconds that you have not been hit by an attack, gain 25% of your mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Tap] now costs 15 Runes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] can now only be used on the casting priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] is now available only to Discipline and Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent at level 30, replacing [Mana Tap]: [Evangelism] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Your Prayer of Mending, Evangelism, and Evangelism spells and abilities have a chance to cause your target to heal for 5% of their maximum health over 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rapture] is now available only to Protection and Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rapture costs 3 Runes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Silence] now only works on the casting Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spirit Tap] now only works on the Priest and Death Knight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Void Tendrils] now only work on the Priest and Death Knight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Abolish Disease] has been removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ride of the Valkyries] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Knight-Captain's Charge] no longer has a maximum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shear Stone] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sword of Light] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Might] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hammer of Justice] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hammer of Wrath] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wake of Ash] now has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Consecration] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Execution Sentence] damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Inquisition] is now a passive talent, and has a maximum of 4 stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 10-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Truth Be Told] now has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Avenger's Shield] will now work when the Paladin is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a spell while Plaza is active will now cause the cursor to be highlighted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crusader Strike] can no longer be dodged, parried, or blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] is now properly presented as a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Command] now has a 1-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Vengeance] now has a 1-minute cooldown when used as a Paladin's primary resource.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 1-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wrath] and [Seal of Corruption] can no longer be applied to the same target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 1-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Flay] can no longer land on non-player targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Mind Blast] while Mind Flay is active will no longer cause the effect to go off without effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of the Crusader] will now work properly with the [Fists of Fury] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Priest spell [Spirit of Redemption] can no longer be used while riding any type of vehicle, due to the restrictions on movement in that vehicle type.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Surge of Light] while [Cascade] is active will now work properly with the [Focused Will] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lesser Heal] and [Heal] will now work properly with the [Focused Will] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Burn] will now work properly with the [Focused Will] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cascade] will now work properly with the [Focused Will] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Void Tendrils] will now properly benefit from the [Mana Feed] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Kill Shot] is now correctly removed when the target is mowed down by the Rogue's next ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Parry] is now being applied to the correct area of the target for Kill Shot, and should properly apply to other areas of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Burst of Speed] now has a consistent chance to proc on all targets when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Burst of Speed can now be used while riding any type of vehicle, and no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feign Death] no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hardiness]: A new passive ability has been added which allows Hardiness gear to benefit from Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rampant ]: Armor bonus reduced to 10%, and Riptide damage reduced to 30% of armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense]: Moved to level 14.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense]: Moved to level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampeding Roar]: Rage cost and damage bonus reduced to 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede]: Moved to level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Swift Riding: Moved to level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe]: Moved to level 14.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap]: Moved to level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cultivation] healing reduced to 8%, and mana cost increased to 5% of base mana for every 3 Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: Moved to level 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost]: Moved to level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Fever]: Moved to level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Tide Totem]: Moved to level 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Spring Totem]: Mana cost increased to 4% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Guardian]: Moved to level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nature's Guardian]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Multi-Shot]: Moved to level 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prowl]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter]: Damage slightly reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Searing Flames]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sigil of Binding]: Moved to level 32.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Will of the Forsaken]: Moved to level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Will of the Forsaken]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Upwelling]: Moved to level 14.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wind Shear]: Moved to level 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wind Shear: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wind Burst: Mana cost increased to 4% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wind Blast: Moved to level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Searing Flames]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sigil of Command]: Moved to level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sigil of Surging Mist]: Mana cost increased to 4% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Banish] is now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Tongues] is now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Weakness]: Moved to level 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Reckless Spirits]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hellfire]: Moved to level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Immolate]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrosis]: Moved to level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pestilent Pustules]: Moved to level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reaping]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ritual of Summoning]: Moved to level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trap Mastery]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction]: Moved to level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Troll Berserk] is now in the game and ready to roll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Troll Berserk is a very simple ability that does what it says on the box. It causes melee attacks to cause damage. It is, without a doubt, one of the most overpowered abilities in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserk] now also causes all melee attacks to cause damage. This is apparently a very dangerous combination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Berserk] has been removed. Berserk is a very simple ability that does what it says on the box. It causes melee attacks to cause damage. It is, without a doubt, one of the most overpowered abilities in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor] has been removed. Sunder Armor is a very simple ability that does what it says on the box. It causes melee attacks to cause damage. It is, without a doubt, one of the most overpowered abilities in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Holy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Denounce] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Holy Radiance] Radiance heal has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Prismatic Barrier] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Prismatic Barrier is a passive effect that reduces damage taken by 10%. It has a 50% chance to be triggered when the Paladin is struck in melee. When the barrier is triggered, damage is reduced instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Purify] now has a 5% chance to be triggered when a damaging spell is cast. The effect is instant and has a 2 minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Seal of Truth] no longer has a chance to be triggered when a damaging spell is cast. The penalty it now imposes is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Protection] now has a 10% chance to be triggered when the Paladin is struck in melee. The effect is instant and has a 2 minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] only has a 1% chance to be triggered when a damaging spell is cast now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Paladin specializations }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Holy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Holy Word: Chastise will now be handled correctly as a cast spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Cascade] can now be dispelled by avoidance, but can no longer remove the spell prevented by deflect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Divine Star]'s silence effect has been changed. It no longer has a chance to be dispelled, but now has a 100% chance to be dispelled when cast. In addition, it now has a 10% chance to be dispelled when cast on targets other than the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Halo]'s effect is now baseline and is no longer changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mindbender] and [Focused Will] now work while the Paladin is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of Truth], [Seal of Righteousness], and [Seal of Protection] now work while the Paladin is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Judgment] no longer has a chance to be dispelled when used while the Paladin is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guardian of Ancient Kings] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of the Crusader] now has a 1.5 second cast time (up from instant cast).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Judgment of Light] no longer has a chance to be dispelled when used while the Paladin is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] is no longer a talent and is now an ability that replaces Seal of Truth for Holy Radiance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Heart of the Crusader no longer has a chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem Mastery]: This feat has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Power Mastery]: This feat has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem Mastery] and [Sigil of Infinity] now have a 1 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WARRIOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Battle Stance]: Now clears [Heroic Strike] and [Mortal Strike] from the stances required to use them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserker Stance]: Now clears [Slam] from the stances required to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance]: Now clears [Heroic Strike] from the stances required to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring]: Now clears [Berserker Stance] from the stances required to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Inner Rage]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Recklessness]: Now clears [Berserker Stance] from the stances required to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager Stance]: Now clears [Heroic Strike] from the stances required to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]: This ability has been removed entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Titan's Grip]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Adamantite Barrier]: This item can now be purchased with [Dire Spirit] from the Warlocks in the same way [Slabhide the Slayer] can be purchased with [Feral Spirit] ([Restorative Spirit]). In addition, it can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bennu's Bulwark]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bolstering War Horn]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Clutch of Foresight]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dire Rune]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Goldmine's Bulwark]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heavy Netherweave]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Inferno: Master Loot]: This item can now drop for a small time from bosses in Ulduar. It can also be purchased with [Dire Spirit] from the Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mark of the Unbreakable Spirit]: This item can now drop for a small time from bosses in Ulduar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Rune]: This item can now drop for a small time from bosses in Ulduar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Embrace]: This item can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer's Bulwark]: This item can now disenchant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer's Shoulder Armor]: This item can now disenchant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer's Shoulder Panels]: This item can now disenchant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WAIST AND HEALTH:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Brawn] is now reduced to 7/14/20% bonus damage with Stances, and Balance Energy is now reduced to 7/14/20% bonus healing with Stances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] has been redesigned. It now increases healing done by 10% for 10 seconds with a 2 minute cooldown, and it also provides 10% Haste to 2 sources of Haste. It can be used to heal for 10% of maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience] has been replaced with 10% Stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol]: This talent has been removed and replaced with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Time Warp] now reduces the cast time of [Time Warp] by 0.5 seconds when used on an enemy player, up from 0.0.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Invisible Man] has been replaced with [Glyph of Walking Into Combat].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of [Tactical Mastery]] has been replaced with [Glyph of Victory].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Divine Bulwark] now only affects [Divine Shield], and no longer applies to [Evangelism].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Divine Steed] now only affects Evangelism, and no longer applies to [Guardian of Ancient Kings].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Immediate Truth] has been replaced with [Glyph of Retreat].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shield of the Righteous] now only affects Defensive Stance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Templar's Verdict] has been replaced with [Glyph of the Unbound Heart].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Priest }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lightwell] has been replaced with [Glyph of Mind Flay].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Blast] now only affects Mind Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Reflective Shield] is now a physical ability, causing damage, and no longer a mental component.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shifted Mists] has been replaced with [Glyph of the Afterlife].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit of Redemption]'s effectiveness is no longer modified by damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Eternal Darkness now only affects the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogue }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Distract] now only affects the Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Hammer Time] now only affects the Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Blast] now only affects the Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Revenge] now only affects the Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Elemental Spirits] has been replaced with [Glyph of Lightning Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lightning Shield] has been replaced with [Glyph of Restoration].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Link Totem] has been replaced with [Glyph of Healing Wave].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Healing Wave now only affects the Shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Rejuvenation] has been replaced with [Glyph of Transcendence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vesu) has been replaced with [Glyph of Rejuvenation].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vortex] now only affects the Shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Weapon Lock] now only affects the Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Burning Embers] has been replaced with [Glyph of Cone of Cold].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Flametongue Weapon] now only affects the Shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Frostbrand Weapon] is now only available to heal, and is no longer a physical ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Maelstrom Weapon] replaces [Glyph of Unbound Will], and is no longer a physical ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Purify] has been replaced with [Glyph of Misdirection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Reticule] has been replaced with [Glyph of Recuperate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of Ice] no longer triggers from damage, and therefore cannot trigger procs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] now reduces the duration of all harmful Magic effects, including those caused by Fire mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces the duration of harmful Magic effects, and increases the resistance to Dispel mechanics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WARLOCK:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Banish] is no longer usable against creatures that have a spirit master.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chaos Bolt] now travels slightly farther, but is also less likely to hit its target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Life] now does less damage and generates less threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fear] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrotic Strike] no longer does damage, and therefore generates less threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ritual of Doom] now does less damage and has a shorter duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] duration has been reduced to 10 seconds, and damage has been reduced at higher ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] damage has been reduced at higher ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s cooldown has been increased to 15 seconds, up from 9.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s damage has been reduced at higher ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s duration has been reduced to 12 seconds, down from 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s cooldown has been increased to 15 seconds, up from 9.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] damage has been reduced at higher ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s duration has been reduced to 12 seconds, down from 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s effects have been reduced to 12% of damage, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s effects have been reduced to 12% of damage, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s damage has been reduced at higher ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s duration has been reduced to 12 seconds, down from 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s effects have been reduced to 12% of damage, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s effects have been reduced to 18% of damage, down from 32.4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s effect has been reduced to 12% of damage, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s mana cost has been reduced from 16% to 10% of mana, but it now has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]'s damage has been reduced to 9% of damage, down from 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WARRIOR:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] now has a 30-yard range (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pummel] has a 5-second cooldown (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Slam] has a 3-second cooldown (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [War Edge] has a 3-second cooldown for adrenaline (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Darkmoon Cards of the North] have been re-released as a new set of Darkmoon cards that can be used in any Moonkin Arena match.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Leywoven Balloon] has been made into a trinket that can be placed in a player's inventory. It can be used to fuel instant PvP items that a player is not yet equipped with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Furious Lich King] trinket now has a socket bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Incand}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Armored to the Teeth] has been returned to the Scryer faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chaos Bolt] (Doomguard) damage and radius increased to 20 yards (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Death Coil] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hour of Twilight] damage reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrotic Strike] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Corruption] duration increased to 20 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Empowerment] empowers the target with 1 second (was 2 seconds) per stack of Runic Power spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Power Burn] now increases Runic Power burn by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Runic Power Generation] now generates 25 Runic Power per second (was 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Will of the Necropolis] damage reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Dark Succor] now causes [Death Coil] to deal 20% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Rage damage increased to 600% weapon damage (was 500%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Mocking Blow damage increased to 450% weapon damage (was 400%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Rampage duration increased to 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Vengeance effect increased to 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Caged Growth increase reduced to 75% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Enraged Regeneration increase reduced to 75% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s Vengeance effect increased to 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Troll}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Abomination's Might] is now learned at level 62.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserking] is now learned at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crackling Berserker (Fury)] now generates 2 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Furious Howl] damage increased to 600% weapon damage (was 500%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Kick] is now learned at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Raging Blow] damage increased to 600% weapon damage (was 500%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage increased to 600% weapon damage (was 500%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vigilance] is now passive (was auto-learned).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent: [War Break]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dismount, Berserk, Enraged Regeneration, and [Rebirth] increases your Haste by 5% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent: [T.N.T.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Your [Fervor of Battle] effect increases all damage done by 5%, and increases the critical strike chance of [Cleave] by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew] damage increased to 100% weapon damage (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Axe Specialization] damage increased to 30% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alacrity] haste per stack increased to 2% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserker Stance] haste increase to Critical Strike from 2% to 3% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bladestorm] duration increased to 6 seconds (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Concussion Blow] damage increased to 60% (was 45%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crackling Shout] damage increased by 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Execute}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Hex of Weakness] is now a passive ability learned by all classes, and has a fully revamped look and sound effect. Weakness is now a passive ability learned by all classes, and has a fully revamped look and sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Feed]: Tooltip clarified to indicate it only works with attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mental Quickness] is now a passive ability learned by Discipline, Holy, and Shadow priests, and has a fully revamped look and sound effect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mind Flay] is no longer a talent, and is now an innate ability learned by all classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion] now only works with heals, and no longer with absorbs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Power Word: Shield] is now a passive ability learned by Discipline priests, and has a fully revamped look and sound effect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * New Talent: [Power Word: Radiance] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Power Word: Radiance] has a 50% chance to cause Holy Power to instantly enter the target's bank for up to 4 seconds. This cooldown is not refreshed if Power Word: Radiance is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Purify] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Divine Insight] no longer works on more than one target at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Halo] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rapture] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Spirit Tap] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Surge of Darkness] now clears a set amount of negative effects on a cast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Twist of Fate] now also affects [Mind Sear]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HOLY CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were several main changes for Holy, mainly to reduce complexity of casting, to improve usability, to address some of the issues we were seeing with [Divine Spirit], and to fix some bugs that were preventing us from using Divine Spirit in a reliable way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Divine Spirit is now instant cast. It has a 1.5 second cast time, but costs 10% of base mana in addition to its current effects. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Divine Spirit] is now instant cast, and has a 1.5 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Divine Plea] is now available to all priests, starting at level 20. It is not necessary to have [Divine Spirit] in order to use Divine Plea; it is a shared cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Divine Plea is now instant cast, and has a 1.5 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Insanity] is now instant cast, and has a 1.5 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Insight] is now available to all priests, starting at level 30. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Insight] reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier by 3 seconds and Power Word: Shield by 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Insight] also reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier by 3 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] is now available to all characters of level 12 (up from level 9).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Orb] is now available to all characters of level 30 (up from level 26).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Orb] is now available to all characters of level 60 (up from level 28).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost] trait has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Some of the passive abilities of priests had redundant components, causing them to be unwieldy. We made several changes to consolidate some of these abilities. Our first change was to reduce the number of priest spell buttons. We did this by merging some of their buttons into their baseline abilities. For [Mind Blast], [Mind Flay], and [Penance], we merged their cooldowns into their effects. For [Divine Fury], [Divine Plea], and [Divine Protection], we merged their button activations with their damage absorption. For [Force of Will], we merged their activation with their damage absorption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Atonements] now have a shared cooldown with [Desperate Prayer], and are available to all priests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now offers a choice between active and passive absorption. Passive absorption is always good, and active is always bad. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Abomination's Might] absorbs less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Abolish Disease] is now available only to Destruction Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Unstable Affliction]'s cooldown has been reduced to 15 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mana Burn] is now available only to Affliction Warlocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow Embrace] now heals for 100% (was 50%) of its base amount, and its healing has been reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now heals for 25% of its base amount, and its healing has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Grimoire of Supremacy] now heals for 25% of its base amount, and its healing has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mana Tap] no longer activates from consuming Mana Echoes, and now always activates from consuming Mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Rift] now has a 1.5-second cast time (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sow the Seeds] now has a 1.5-second cast time (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thorns] damage has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] no longer has a self-cooldown (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Cure Disease] has been changed to cause [Cure Disease] to dispel 1 effect instead of 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Doom] has been changed to cause Doom to dispel 1 effect instead of 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Infernal] has been changed to cause Infernal to summon an additional minion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Runic Power] now increases the Runic Power gain by only 20% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor] no longer reduces the chance for attacks to hit the priest when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unholy Aura] now only reduces the Runic Power cost when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Zandalarian Hero Charm]: Use the /shout emote to send a series of emotes to your enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEGROUNDS AND ARENAS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battlegrounds }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to defend only one capture point. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to defend only one capture point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to attack only one captured point. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to attack only one captured point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to use any available mount. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to use any available mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Battleground: Frostfire Ridge }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to defend only one captured point. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to defend only one captured point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Battleground: Talented Reaches }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to attack only one captured point. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * For Battlegrounds which do not require a capture point to win, players may choose to attack only one captured point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Battleground: Pillaging the Weak }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players may choose to invade the enemy base at any time, and will incur a 30 minute invasion cooldown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Invasion lasts until canceled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Battleground: Fallen Enchantress }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fallen Enchantress }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * She has been defeated, but has a new spirit guide for war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * New ability: Eternal Night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * She rises from the grave, spooking intruders with her Shadowmeld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vendetta now deals damage to players (not pets). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Vendetta now has a damage cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Healing and Restoration PvP set bonuses have been removed and replaced with PvP set bonuses. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Healing PvP set bonuses have been replaced with PvP set bonuses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Omokk's Egg] will also drop for players that completed the achievement [Trolls on the Hill] on an arena server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Anubisath Idol] will also sometimes drop for players that completed the achievement [Trolls on the Hill] on an arena server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Kirin Tor] achievement will now be correctly removed after a wipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PET BATTLES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raiding with Leashes III] has found a new home on the Isle of Thunder. Players will now be able to use Raid Finder in any Thunderdome, and in any instance from the start of the match. Upon accepting a match, the interface will show the status of the queue: Normal, High, or Warier. Low ranks will be less likely to be stuck in the queue. Warier ranks will only work on specific instances and raids, and will only work on specific members of a raid group. Warier ranks will work on all members of the raid group, not just members of the party or raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Leashes III is a new pet ability for all pet families that works like Leashes 1-4. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Growl] (Felguard) damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Banish] cooldown increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Dash] (Cat) range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Thump] (Feral) damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Premeditation] cooldown increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Wound Poison] no longer stacks, and no longer damages hidden enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now use [Claw] and [Dash] while mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Celestial Focus] has been replaced with a new passive ability, Celestial Retreat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Celestial Retreat (Guardian) causes pets to retreat 5 yards in front of the Celestial's guardian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Charge] is now a level-60 talent, replacing the old 4-piece talent, [Feeding Frenzy].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Instinct] has been replaced with a new passive ability, Feral Instinct. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Focus has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mend Pet] now has a 20-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol] has been replaced with a new passive ability, Misdirection. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Might of Ursol now also increases the range of Misdirection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Zandalar] has been replaced with a new passive ability, Misdirection. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Might of Zandalar causes Misdirection to heal up to 5 allies instead of dispelling an enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sandfury Demon Hunter] now uses [Combustion] with [Fire Blast], and the tooltip has been adjusted to match the new ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense] no longer reduces the cost of [Bear Form], [Cat Form], or [Dire Bear Form].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is now a level-90 Talent, replacing the old 4-piece talent, [Fervor of Battle].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer] now also increases the duration of [Bear Form] and [Cat Form].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       COMBAT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Intervene] no longer costs money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ice Floes]: The flight speed bonus from this item no longer applies to flying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arena}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sword of the Old God]: This item is now bind on equip by default. In addition, the Sword of the Old God can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Venture to the Center of the Earth]: This new honor reward can be purchased at 300 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground rating requirements for all Deadly Gladiator's Battle for Azeroth items and mounts have been modified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conquest Points] can now be spent on purchasing a new [Warbear Stance] for 250 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Venture to the Center of the World] can now be purchased for 250 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arenas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now use the Battleground Scoreboard to track their Conquest progress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground Rating buttons have been added to the Battleground scoreboard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground scoreboards have been modified to show the total points earned so far in the Battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Battleground scoreboard icon has been modified to show the arrow pointing to it from the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The total amount of items that can drop from each Battleground has been increased to 8 items. This total does not include auto-upgrade items that can be purchased with Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blade of the Heavenly Hawk] (Artifact Trait) now increases speed by 30% (was 50%), and now also reduces the duration of movement slow effects by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bristling Fur] now provides 10% damage reduction (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crown of the Penitent] healing and healing scaling has been increased by 40%, and its cooldown has been reduced to 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crusader's Judgment] cooldown is now 60 seconds (was 90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Execution Sentence] cooldown is now 2 minutes (was 3 minutes). This effect can now also be triggered by damage and healing strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Expose Weakness] now provides 10% damage reduction (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fervor of Battle] is now also triggered by critical hits from the Warrior's auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focused Rage] is now also triggered by hits from the Warrior's auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [In For The Kill] no longer also has a chance to trigger from dodging or parrying normal attacks, and its chance has been reduced to 10% (was 20%) to offset the damage taken by In For The Kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] is now also triggered by hits from the Warrior's auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might Of Mograine] no longer has a chance to trigger from any hit, and its chance has been reduced to 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pain Train] now also reduces the duration of silence and interrupt effects by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rapid Recuperation] now also provides 10% damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot] is now also triggered by hits from the Warrior's auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] cast time has been reduced to 0.5 seconds (was 0.7 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] has been changed to reduce the duration of Movement Slow effects by 30%, and provides a chance to gain a free Mogu Runes buff when a hit reduces the target's movement speed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Talent: [Death Wish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Death Wish: Reduces the cast time of Death Wish and causes the next Rune to be consumed instantly, as well as the Mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5.0.1 [5.0.2] Patch Notes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tombstone] can no longer be used on players not in a raid group, and will only work on players who are in a raid group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit of Redemption] now also works with [Blessing of Sanctuary].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druid Bug Fixes }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Touch] is now properly flagged as an Aura talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rip] is now properly flagged as an Aura talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thorns] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter Known Issues }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] does not cause [Steady Shot] to trigger auto-attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Skull Bash] does not cause auto-attack to be used when the pet is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DRUIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Brambles] now has a 30% chance to activate its effect on PvP kills (was a 20% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Celestial Focus] now has a 30% chance to trigger its effect on PvP kills (was a 20% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Celestial Alignment] now has a 12% chance to trigger its effect on PvP kills (was 8% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Faerie Fire] now has a duration of 24 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shred] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] now has a 1-second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] now has a 1.5-second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] now has a 1.5-second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot] now has a 30% chance to silence the target while [Steady Shot] is active (was 40% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Barkskin] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Barkskin] no longer removes movement-impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Celestial Focus] now has a 2% chance to trigger (was 1% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Faerie Fire] is now a 15% spell haste spell (was 25% spell haste).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Charge] no longer has a target lockout (was a shared 10-yard range).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Force of Nature] is no longer a talent and is a baseline ability learned by all Druids at level 22. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Force of Nature now also causes the next Faerie Fire to deal 20% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Charge] now has a 1-second cast time (was a 5-second cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rip] is now a level-22 talent (was 17 years old), learns at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shred] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is no longer a talent and is a baseline ability learned at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Charge] no longer has a cooldown (was 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol] is now a Mythic Keystone affix, and has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder of Jaggal] is now also available as a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ursol's Swiftness is no longer a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tigereye Focus] is no longer a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage absorption from [Veiled Adulthood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vivify] is now a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Empowerment] is now a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Flows] now also allows for Arcane Flow to be a source of Arcane Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Orb] now spawns a vortex at the location it hits, increasing all damage dealt by 10% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Shot] is now a Mythic Keystone affix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] can now also trigger from [Arcane Empowerment].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles] now have a small chance to also trigger a cone attack when they hit a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] now damages with Arcane Power and generates Arcane Damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now does 75% damage, has no cooldown, is no longer on the global cooldown, and is once again a source of Arcane damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] can now also trigger from [Arcane Empowerment].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] now damages with Arcane Power and generates Arcane Damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] can now also trigger from [Arcane Empowerment].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now resets the cooldown of [Blink], [Eviscerate], [Arcane Torrent], and [Arcane Torrent]: Arcane Prison now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now resets the cooldown of Blink, Ether Shield, and Escape Artist: Arcane Prison now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent] can now also trigger from [Arcane Empowerment].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now resets the cooldown of Escape Artist: Arcane Prison}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Prison] now resets the cooldown of Blink, but only while you are already casting Arcane Prison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arcane Prison now has a 1 second internal cooldown, but is now a 3-minute Cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Combustion] now additionally causes Ignite to deal Fire damage to targets that are immune to Ignite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ignite is now a passive aura that is triggered by damage, not just critical strikes. Ignite will always be a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hot Streak] now has a 100% chance to be triggered when you cast [Immolation Aura].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyromaniac] now has a 30% chance to be triggered when you cast [Flametongue Weapon].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ignite is now a passive aura that is triggered by damage, not just critical strikes. Ignite will always be a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Each warlock has access to a unique trinket that will only function inside the warlock's Battleground. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * These trinkets are called to the attention of the warlock when they are purchased. Upon purchase, the warlock will be asked to pick one or more of the trinkets that they would like to use. Once activated, all trinkets listed will function as listed above with the exception of the one that the warlock does not wish to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       TALENTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For rogues, the primary focus is in how they interact with their combat log. Here's a summary of class abilities that we're pruning:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] is no longer a toggle. It is now a clickable toggle that has a one-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] is no longer a talent. It is now a passive ability learned by all Rogues at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Energetic Stabbing] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] is now a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 30. It automatically triggers Combat Technique, and all Rogues can use their associated Combat Technique attacks as normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hemorrhaging] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Killing Spree] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] is no longer a toggle. It is now a clickable toggle that has a one-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] is no longer a talent. It is now a passive ability learned by all Combat Rogues at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revealing Strike] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shiv] is now a toggle that has a one-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shiv] is now a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 30. It automatically triggers Combat Technique and Shiv is always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Strikes of Opportunity] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Strikes of Opportunity has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Strike of the Windlord] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] is now a toggle that has a one-second cooldown. It is now a passive ability learned by all Windwalker Monks at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Rogues received several mergers of passive abilities. There's also additional cooldown reduction for Moment of Clarity removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Skull Bash] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Saber Slash] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sinister Strike] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam] is now always a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] no longer require an [Embossed Leather] to defeat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now despawn when the warlock dies or is banished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        WARRIOR }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] now has a 2-minute cooldown (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] (Rank 1) now reduces movement speed by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] (Rank 2) now reduces damage taken by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]'s cooldown has been reduced to 3 minutes (was 4 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sweeping Strikes] now also reduces damage taken by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tactical Mastery] (Rank 1) has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tactical Mastery] now increases the following effects for Sweeping Strikes: Hit chance, Expertise (if any), and Versatility (if any).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Marked for Death]'s cooldown has been reduced to 3 minutes (was 4 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now despawn when the warlock dies or is banished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now increase damage taken by 15% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now has a 1-second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt]'s damage has been reduced by 20% in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Cleave] now generates 1 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] generates 1 Insanity, deals damage to nearby targets, and has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Lord] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Voidform] has been re-designed to fill the void left by the loss of [Mark of Kil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99jaeden]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Voidform] now increases the Warlocks damage by 20% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEGROUNDS AND ARENAS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battlegrounds }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For players queued for Random Battlegrounds, the PvP Leader Board and Stat Matchmaking will be unavailable for 5 minutes to allow for a fresh round of play. For players not on Random Battlegrounds, the PvP Leader Board and Stat Matchmaking will still function as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEGROUNDS AND ARENAS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battlegrounds }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * For players queued for Random Battlegrounds, the PvP Leader Board and Stat Matchmaking will be unavailable for 5 minutes to allow for a fresh round of play. For players not on Random Battlegrounds, the PvP Leader Board and Stat Matchmaking will still function as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Engineering }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The time it requires to make a significant other (i.e. item creation time) has been reduced to 8 seconds (was 10 seconds), and the amount of experience needed to gain that one rank has been reduced to 25 (was 30) Engineering achievement completion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * A new [Lil' Smoky] achievement has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Felsteel Chests] are now Bind on Equip and no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Clan Invasion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Hold the Line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Ruins of Lordaeron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Arenas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Wintergrasp}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Naxxramas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Shrine of the Storm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Reforging}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Artifacts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rotten Gorgeroll]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Soul Harvest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Demon Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Flame Shock]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Demonology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Destruction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Harbinger of Kynareth]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Impending Doom]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Lashing Shadows]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Painful Gladiator's Aim]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Shocking]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Victory Rush]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Victory Rush] now also applies its visual effect to the Warrior's secondary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Incite] has been replaced with [Demonic Power]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Demon Pet ability: Demonic Portal now instantly summons a Demonic Power Demon from the Demonic Portal. Demonic Portal's damage increased significantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] is now usable against targets that are immune to physical attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] is no longer usable against targets that are immune to Shadow attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] now reduces all damage taken by 15%, rather than a percentage. Its cooldown remains the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Embrace] has been replaced with [Voidform]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Voidform causes the Warlock's Shadow to be absorbed by the Shadow of the Void. This can only happen once per encounter. It has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Warlock's health is now reduced by 20% in PvP (was 45% health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now hits all nearby targets instead of one, and is no longer dispellable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] has been replaced with [Voidform]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Voidform causes the Warlock's Shadow to be absorbed by the Void. This can only happen once per encounter. It has a 45-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Warlock's health is now reduced by 20% in PvP (was 45% health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For rogues, a couple of abilities were changed to make them more usable. For a closer look at the class abilities pruned, check out this blog: https://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=369&sid=1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Also worth noting here is the removal of [Blind] from the game. Blind players have always been removed from the game due to durability, and that continued with the patch. We removed durability and buffed damage with abilities to try and encourage players to use them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Finally, we removed the [Elixir of Water] from the game. We felt that the elixir was a necessary evil, and so it was removed. Players complained about the elixir's placement in the game, and so we decided to remove it. Players will now have to find the elixir to gain its benefit, and so we decided to place a new item in the Alchemy Lab to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deadly Poison] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slice and Dice] is no longer available to Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       COMBAT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Death from Above] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shiv] is no longer available to Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gouge] is no longer available to Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] is no longer available to Warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Oath]: Mana cost no longer resets on exit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Mastery]: This talent now has a consistent chance to be triggered instead of an increasing chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Earth Shield]: This talent has been substantially redesigned and now reduces all threat caused by Earth Shield by 40%, reduces all damage taken by 10%, and gives the caster Earth Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Fire Ward]: This talent has been substantially redesigned and now reduces all threat caused by Fire Ward by 40%, reduces all damage taken by 10%, and gives the caster Fire Ward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Frost Ward]: This talent has been substantially redesigned and now reduces all threat caused by Frost Ward by 40%, reduces all damage taken by 10%, and gives the caster Frost Ward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        PALADIN:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Holy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience]: This talent has been replaced with Improved Concentration Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Sanctuary]: This talent now also increases the duration of [Concentration Aura] by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guardian of Ancient Kings]: This talent now also increases the radius of [Contrition Aura] by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guardian of Ancient Kings: The effect of this talent now also applies to Divine Purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hand of Freedom]: This talent has been replaced with a new talent, Holy Wrath. Hand of Freedom causes the Paladin to immediately gain 1% of base mana each time they cast [Holy Wrath].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Light's Hammer]: This talent has been replaced with a new talent, Divine Storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sacred Shield]: The effects of Sacred Shield and Divine Storm now share a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of the Crusader]: The effect of this talent has been modified to not trigger when the Paladin is attacked from behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Vengeance]: This Seal of Vengeance can no longer be triggered by attacking the Paladin's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Corruption]: This Seal of Corruption can no longer be triggered by attacking the Paladin's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Corruption] can no longer be triggered by damage and cannot be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Corruption]: This Seal of Corruption can no longer be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Corruption] can no longer be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command]: This Seal of Corruption can no longer be triggered by damage and cannot be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command]: This Seal of Corruption can no longer be triggered by damage and cannot be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Righteousness]: This Seal of Righteousness can no longer be triggered by damage and cannot be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Vengeance]: This Seal of Vengeance can no longer be triggered by attacking the Paladin's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Vengeance]: This Seal of Vengeance can no longer be triggered by damage and cannot be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Corruption]: This Seal of Corruption can no longer be partially blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command]: This Seal of Command now has a higher chance to be triggered when the Paladin is at melee range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Vengeance]: This Seal of Vengeance now has a higher chance to be triggered when the Paladin is at melee range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        PRIEST:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Holy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Beacon of Light]: This spell has received a slight redesign. It now costs 10% of base mana to cast, and no longer regenerates mana. In addition, the duration has been changed from 15 seconds to 6 seconds. In addition, the cooldown has been reduced from 10 minutes to 6 minutes. The mana cost has been raised to compensate for the spell change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 10-yard range (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 30-yard range (was 20 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 20-yard range (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 10-yard range (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 30-yard range (was 20 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 20-yard range (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 10-yard range (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 20-yard range (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Affliction }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Curse of the Elements] now has 2 charges, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Curse of Recklessness] now has 2 charges, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Curse of Tongues] now has 2 charges, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Demonology }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Cataclysm] now also applies to [Dash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Destruction }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Unstable Affliction] now increases the damage of Unstable Affliction by 30%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Affliction }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Necrosis] now also applies to [Dash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Demonology }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Demonbolt] now also applies to [Dash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       RAIDS, DUNGEONS, AND SCENARIOS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       LOOT SPECIALIZATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 1: Enter the world of Legion. Level 2: Loot the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 3: Loot the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 4: Loot the soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 5: Loot the spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 6: Loot the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 7: Loot the soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 8: Loot the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 9: Loot the heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 10: Loot the spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 11: Loot the eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 12: Loot the souls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 13: Loot the Rotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 14: Loot the Chilled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 15: Loot the Unholy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 16: Loot the Frost-Touched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 17: Loot the Pet Abomination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 18: Loot the Water-Breathing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 19: Loot the Wind Serpent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 20: Loot the Earth-Eater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 21: Loot the Fire-Horned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 22: Loot the Wood-Stamped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 23: Loot the Water-Horned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 24: Loot the Earth-Eater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 25: Loot the Fire-H}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] no longer has a tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now deals damage to secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now activated by all spell redirects, not just Fire Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] no longer has a set flight path from Throrium Ridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance]: damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] is now activated by all spell redirects, not just Fire Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes]: no longer has a set flight path from Throrium Ridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riptide] now regenerates an additional 15% health over 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftmend]'s area-of-effect heal-over-time effect is no longer centered on an target and will no longer cause [Lifebloom] to trigger a heal-over-time effect on the casting Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Divine Insight] now heals for 5% of maximum health, down from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Flame Shock] now damages for 5% of maximum health, down from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rift Ward] now activates when the Priest takes a damage spell, rather than when they are struck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Auspicious Spirits] no longer causes Shadow Word: Pain to trigger a heal-over-time effect from the casting Priest's next spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cascade] will now work properly even when the Priest has no mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cascade]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate it only works on the first tick of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Insight] now works properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Spirit] will now use the appropriate range for Discipline and Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Heal] spell duplication and spread was affecting slightly more than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Burn] will now work properly with the [Penance] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Sickness] will no longer cause priests to lose mana on occasion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Blast] will now use the appropriate range for Discipline and Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Control] now has a 10 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Soothe] now has a 10 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Vision] now uses the target's camera to determine what they are seeing, rather than the caster's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New category added for Shaman in the Spellbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Guardian] spell removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Nature's Swiftness renamed [Nature's Refuge], and now also can be activated by the [Mental Quickness] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell at level 30, replacing [Nature's Refuge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell at level 15, replacing [Nature's Refuge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell at level 10, replacing [Nature's Refuge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell at level 5, replacing [Nature's Refuge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Vigil] now has a 10 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Swiftness] renamed [Nature's Vigil], and now also can be activated by the [Mental Quickness] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nature's Vigil]: The effect of this talent is no longer lost when a priest switches specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell at level 25, replacing [Nature's Vigil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Some priests did not have the Spirit of Redemption talent. That is now fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Disarm] range changed to 20 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Garrote] range changed to 20 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Killing Spree] now does damage to secondary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Chain Reaction] now also causes [Ambush] and [Garrote] to have a 100% chance to daze the target for 4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm Trap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Growl] now also reduces the movement speed of the target by 30% for 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master's Call] is now a level-90 Talent, replacing [Growl]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Master's Call instantly activates and instantly generates 5 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Brutality] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Unbridled Fury]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Unbridled Fury] causes Unbridled Fury to cost 10 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Savage Defense] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Eviscerate]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Eviscerate] increases the duration of [Eviscerate] by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Recklessness] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Savage Defense]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Recklessness reduces the movement speed of the target by 50%, increases the cooldown of [Evasion] by 10 seconds, and reduces its effectiveness by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Victory Rush] now increases the duration of Victory Rush by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Sweeping Strikes] now reduces the cooldown on [Sweeping Strikes] by 20 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Steadfast Fury] now reduces the cooldown on [Steady Shot] by 3 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Steadfast Defense] now reduces the cooldown on [Steady Shot] by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Tricks of the Trade] now reduces the cooldown on [Tricks of the Trade] by 30 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vanguard] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Assault]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vanguard increases the duration of Assault's cooldown by 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Demonic Resilience] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Incinerate]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Incinerate] increases the damage of [Incinerate] by 20%, and increases the Rage spent on [Incinerate] by 10% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Incinerate has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Retaliation]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Retaliation] causes [Retaliation] to cost 30 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Retaliation] now increases the amount of damage the warrior receives from melee attacks by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unbridled Wrath] now reduces the cooldown on [Unbridled Wrath] by 2 seconds (was 1 second), and increases the duration of Unbridled Wrath by 10 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Ultimate Radiance] has been removed and replaced with [Glyph of Debilitation]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warbringer] tree has been restructured. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overpower] is a new passive ability that increases damage dealt by the Warrior's next auto-attack by 5%. Overpower can only be used once every 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance] now increases damage reduction by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodrage] is a new passive ability that increases damage taken by the Warrior's next auto-attack by 5%. Defensive Stance reduces damage taken by 10% and increases damage reduction to 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wand Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wrecking Crew] now includes 2 or 3 other people, and usually has 3 different types of people. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * People who specialize in something other than Arms and Fury now have a chance to be found in your Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * People who specialize in Mining, Herbalism, or Fishing now have a chance to be found in your Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Garrison Resources now respawn on every shift, rather than every 5 seconds. The resource system has been modified to allow for more frequent resource regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Garrison Buildings now respawn on every shift, rather than every 5 seconds. The amount of time it takes to rebuild a new building after a recent battle is now longer than it used to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * People who specialize in something else now have a chance to be found in your Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New Garrison Vendor }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * There is now an item drop down in your Garrison that allows you to receive a random new quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Garrison Buildings now respawn on every shift, rather than every 5 seconds. The amount of time it takes to rebuild a new building after a recent battle is now longer than it used to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       SPARTAN GROUPS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * There are now groups of individuals who can turn in and receive Garrison Resources (Spartan Tokens) for the Horde. These individuals can be located in your Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * To get involved with the group, members need to speak with Jaxon or Keyl Swiftclaw who is located in the Dalaran sewers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * There is now an alchemy lab that is located in your Garrison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now spend Garrison Resources on items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now spend Garrison Resources on Nature's Swiftness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Players can spend Garrison Resources on Vitality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Garrisons with a skill of 4 or higher can now be opened to receive resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Open these pages to learn more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * There is now a skill up process for Garrisons. Once a member of a party or raid group has earned the reputation of a Garrison, the associated Garrison will become available for that member. Members of the same party or raid group may then select the appropriate Garrison to open and run their respective daily quest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Open a Garrison}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Members of the same party or raid group may now open a Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Guild and Raid Groups }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * A new Group option will appear on the Map screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * A new tab will appear on the Game Screen called Raid Groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * This new Raid Group option will appear to the left}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tidebringer] now increases the damage of [Tidefire Bolt] by 40% (was 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cobra Shot] damage increased to 50% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rabid] now increases damage by 10% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense] is now also triggered by attacks from auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserker Stance] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Lust] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were a few mergers of passive abilities, and some tweaks to a couple of abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserker Stance] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Lust] is now also triggered by auto-attack rage sources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Command] now has a 10% chance to trigger (was an 8% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Strike]'s damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HORDE CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We made several changes for Horde. One was to bring the damage of Treant Protector up to a more reasonable level, to balance it with the damage of the other two main Treant classes (Guardian and Moonkin). The other was to remove the defensive buff that Tiger Stance provided, as it was giving the wrong damage range to both Guardian and Moonkin, and also to fix a bug with its activation where it was not being reapplied correctly. We also needed to resolve a bug where Colossus Smash could miss, due to its non-Guardian nature, and fix a bug where Colossus Shrink could not be activated. Finally, we needed to fix an issue where War Stomp was not generating the intended aggro, due to targeting reticules not matching the intended for the fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rend] now generates 16% more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Incarnation: Tree of Life] now provides 20% more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Lust] is now also triggered by auto-attacks, though it only affects the character that is actually attacking the monster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Command] now has a 10% chance to activate, was an 8% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       That brings us to the present. We're very proud of the Guardian and the Moonkin, and we hope that you are as well. However, there are some problems with both the Guardian and the Moonkin that we needed to solve. The most obvious one is that the Moonkin does not have the stamina to fight in full health (they have to eat, drink, and sleep to recover). Additionally, the Moonkin has no arms, so we had to find a way to make them eat and breathe. We solved this problem by having the Moonkin's right arm become the right arm of the Guardian. This solution solved both problems, but it still left the Guardian with one arm. This was a very difficult problem to solve, because the Moonkin already has the right arm, so we knew it would be better to just kill the right arm off. Unfortunately, this solution did not solve the problem, because the problem with eating and breathing was already solved by that point. We decided to kill the right arm off, because we do not have any other options. The problem with eating and breathing is that it is not handled correctly. All of the abilities that deal damage with food and drink are not handled correctly either. This leads to situations where you are sitting, and your character does not move. You are supposed to be able to eat and drink, yet you are not able}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Consecration]: Now also has a chance to proc when you hit with Fireball or Scorch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conviction]: Chance increased to 50%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eradication]: Chance increased to 50%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Evangelism]: Duration reduced to 3 minutes, down from 6.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Wrath]: Mana cost reduced to match the cost of [Infusion of Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Heal]: This talent has been re-designed. Instead of a 100% chance to heal the target, it now has a 20% chance to heal the target when the caster is at full health. Also, the effect is more consistently applied and shorter duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word: Pain]: Redesigned. This talent has been replaced with a new talent called Ultimate Radiance which increases the healing done by [Shadow Word: Pain] by 20%, but no longer heals the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Meditation]: This talent has been replaced with Ultimate Wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Power]: This talent has been replaced with Ultimate Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Control]: This talent has been replaced with Ultimate Will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Soothe]: Redesigned. Now replaces Mind Vision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Vision]: Now functions like other Will / Grace, but doesn't trigger [Will of the Alliance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending]: This spell can no longer be cast on non-combat pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending]: This spell can no longer be cast on non-combat pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Resolve]: When this talent triggers, it also resets the cooldown of [Will of the Alliance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap]: This talent has been replaced with Spirit of Redemption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap]: This talent now works like the [Resurrection] talent, with a few additional twists. Spirit Tap: This talent has been replaced with Blessing of Sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit of Redemption]: When this talent triggers, it also resets the cooldown of [Will of the Alliance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Guidance]: This talent now works like the [Resurrection] talent, with a few additional twists. It also provides resistance to some spell damage for Protection paladins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Surge of Light]: Now available to all paladins at level 40. It has no cooldown. Also includes bonus healing for the first 6 seconds after using Flash of Light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Turn Evil]: Now available to all paladins at level 30. It has no cooldown. Also includes a new spell effect. Turn Evil: This talent also now works when the paladin is afflicted with [Eye of the Crusader].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Turn Undead]: Now available to all paladins at level 20. It has no cooldown. Turn Undead: This talent also now works when the paladin is afflicted with [Eye of the Crusader].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were several mergers of specific passive abilities. We settled on consolidation of a few abilities, so they're all here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Absolve] is now a level-30 passive ability for Protection, and is no longer a talent. It has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenger's Shield] is now a level-90 passive ability for Protection, and is no longer a talent. It has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Hammer of the Righteous]: Now available only to Protection paladins. It has a 3-minute cooldown, but drains 2% of mana per tick (from 1%). The Strength cost has been removed and the duration reduced to 10 seconds. The Holy damage has been increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bear Hug]: This ability is now available only to Protection and Holy paladins. The range has been changed to 30 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dire Bear Form] for Malfurion now has a cast time and a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bear Form] for Malfurion now has a cast time and a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol] for Orgrimmar now has a 2 second melee attack speed but has a 10 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] for Orgrimmar now has a 2 second melee attack speed but has a 10 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Sturdy Ox] for Orgrimmar now has a 2 second melee attack speed but has a 10 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe] for example will cause a different attack speed for a target that is not in combat with the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] for Orgrimmar no longer has a minimum range and is cast on the field. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Might] for Orgrimmar no longer has a minimum range and is cast on the field. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Might] for Orgrimmar now has a 3 second cast time and a 10 second cooldown. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] for Orgrimmar now has a 3 second cast time and a 10 second cooldown. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Salvation] for Orgrimmar now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Retribution] for Orgrimmar now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] for Retribution now has a 3 second cast time and a 10 second cooldown. It can be used within 30 yards of the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Kings] for Retribution now has a 3 second cast time and a 10 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] for Retribution now has a 3 second cast time and a 10 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Kings] for Retribution now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Protection] for Protection now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Retribution] for Retribution now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Salvation] for Protection now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Corruption] for Corruption now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Destruction] for Destruction now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown but can now also be used on charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Greater Blessing of Rebirth] for Rebirth now has a 2.5 second cast time and a 3 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The ability pruning phase lasted all of Mists of Pandaria except for the passive ability, which was to remove one of three spells: Death knight, druid, or paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The passive ability removal phase lasted all of Mists of Pandaria except for the passive ability, which was to remove one of three spells: Death knight, druid, or paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare] damage increased by 20%, can no longer be critically hit, and is now a passive talent. Rage of Rivendare now also makes [Ebon Plaguebringer] instant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Twilight] damage bonus increased to 15%, and duration increased to 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Efflorescence] mana cost reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riptide] has been redesigned. Riptide now instantly generates 5 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after leaving a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging an enemy player in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after using a ability that has its mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance, Feral, Guardian, and Restoration spells should now all benefit from the increase to damage provided by [+Charge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Healing spells should now all benefit from the increase to healing provided by [+Prayer of Mending].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Maul and other one-handed melee attacks do not consume two charges of Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should now be able to cast spells on their party members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging an enemy player in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after engaging an enemy player in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] (Bear) damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rip] (Bear) damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Swipe (Bear) damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Thrash (Bear) damage increased by 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Thrash (Bear) damage is now instant (was a pre-meditated melee attack).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Some creature spells were not receiving the intended spell effect. This has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Concussive Shot] range increased to 20 yards (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scatter Shot] is now properly noted as a different rank of Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tame Beast] should no longer display a debuff on the pet when the hunter is out of range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Entrapment] no longer has a chance to break crowd control abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Trap] no longer has a cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Kill Command]'s damage has been increased to match similar abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master's Call] now has a 1 second cast time, has a 10 second cooldown, and does not cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Roar of Sacrifice] has been changed. It now reduces all damage taken by 20%, instead of no longer increasing pet health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scatter Shot]'s damage has been increased to match similar abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot]'s damage has been decreased to match similar abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Steady Shot] now has a 1 second cooldown, has no cooldown, and no longer increases attack speed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting] has been changed. It now has a 1.5 second melee attack (was a 1.5 second melee haste) and has a 10 yard range (was a 10 yard range).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flanking Strike] no longer has a chance to trigger [Mongoose Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lacerate] now has a 0.75 second cast time, a 5 second cooldown, and is available only to Blood death knights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Last Stand] now also works with [Maul].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lullaby] now has a 1.5 second melee attack (was a 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nether Protection] has been replaced with [Arcane Torrent], which is intended to allow Arcane Torrent to be used more frequently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Torrent] has been redesigned to be an Arcane ability, and has been renamed [Arcane Storm]. It has a very spooky name, but it's totally chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Storm] has a 1.5-second cast time, but has a 1.5-second cooldown. It can be used while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast] damage increased by 20%, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion] damage increased by 32%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Barrier] now passively reduces damage by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a chance to stun instead of stunning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Wrath] damage increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lay on Hands] now also works with Stance of the Righteous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] damage increased by 27%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Radiance] is now a Holy ability, and has a chance to critically strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Lay on Hands now also provides active mitigation to all types of damage, not just physical. Passive mitigation increased to 50%, and damage reduction increased to 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Turn Evil] is now also available to Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Might] is now available only to Holy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Plea] is now available only to Human, and causes all damage dealt to also be increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Wisdom] is now available only to Dwarf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] is now available only to Tauren.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sacred Duty] cooldown increased to 25 minutes (was 15 minutes), and can now also roll a heal-over-time effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Horn of Wisdom] is now available only to Undead, and increases healing done by 50% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Plea] has been redesigned. It now reduces all damage taken by 50% (was 20%) and provides 50% damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eye for an Eye] is now available only to Undead, and provides a 50% damage reduction increase to damage dealt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIEST}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Power Word: Fortitude] can now also be used to Dodge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Power Word: Shield] can now also be used to Parry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Control] has been removed. Priest now have all defenses (Front and Rear) and Mind Control now also works against creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowform] is now available only to Dwarf Females, and provides a passive 30% chance to transform into a Ghost or Ghost-Like Creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Death] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Inner Fire] is now available only to Fire, and provides 10% Spirit as well as a chance to Charm or Fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Sear] is now available only to Mind Sear. It has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Blast] is now available only to Assault and Support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] can now also be used to Dispel Magic, and will dispel all MP-Worth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Prayer of Mending has a 1.5-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] has a 2-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowguard] is now available only to Shadow and now provides 10% increased Stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Sear] is now available only to Mind Sear, and works like Divine Plea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Death] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Inner Fire] is now available only to Fire, and provides 10% increased Stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of Redemption] now provides 10% increased Stamina and 10% mana regeneration to the caster, and is now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] can now also be used to dispel all MP-Worth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Guardian of Ancient Kings] is now usable in all stances, and heals the caster for 10% of their maximum health. It has a 1.5-second cooldown. The bonus to healing from Spirit of Redemption has been reduced to 10%, and is now a flat bonus instead of a % chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shield] can now proc in all stances, but only one copy of Holy Shield can be applied per swing (was a 1.5-second cooldown). The penalty on Holy Damage Shield now only affects the second application.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Maelstrom Weapon] re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Increases damage of affected spells by 3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] now reduces Frost damage by 10%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Frostbolt now has a chance to reset the cooldown on [Frost Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Nova]'s cast time is reduced to 1.5 seconds, down from 3.5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] now increases damage taken by 10%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] now has a 10-yard range, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Grab] re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Ice Grab (rank 6) is now invulnerable and roots the target, not stunning them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frostbolt] no longer cancels the Ice Barrier when it strikes the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] no longer has any cooldown, but has a 6-second cooldown when used against targets that have Frostbolt active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Orb] re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fingers of Frost no longer has a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Frozen Orb is now invulnerable and roots the target, not stunning them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] no longer has any cooldown, but has a 6-second cooldown when used against targets that have Frostbolt active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Touch] no longer has any cooldown, but has a 6-second cooldown when used against targets that have Frost Touch active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent] no longer has any cooldown, but has a 6-second cooldown when used against targets that have Blink active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] no longer has any cooldown, but has a 6-second cooldown when used against targets that have Tremor active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] no longer does damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Vampiric Touch will no longer affect the health of the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now replaces [Conjure Food] for Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conjure Water] now replaces [Water Bolt] for Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conjure Mana Gem] now replaces [Mana] for Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] now replaces [Efflorescence] for Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Lord] no longer has a chance to activate its effect against targets that are immune to silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Voidform] now replaces [Voidwalker's Presence], which increases movement speed by 30% (removed due to buffs).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Voidform] no longer has a Focus cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] no longer replaces [Voidform], and now replaces [Void Bolt] for Shadowform.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now replaces [Conjure Mana Gem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] now replaces [Efflorescence] for Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Conversion] now always happens on cast, no matter what weapon or spell it is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conversion] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Axe Specialization] now also increases [Conversion] rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avatar] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience] now reduces damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hardened Resilience] now reduces damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] now has a 10 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lethargy] is now also a disease, and can be cured with herbs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Backstab] will now fallator the damage taken will no longer be increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] will now increase [Mace Skill] instead of [Mace Mastery].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ruthlessness] is now also applied to melee attacks, but no longer increases damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot] is now an ability, not a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is now considered a sleep effect, so will not be cleared when refreshed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Triage] will now promote healing over damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trap Launcher] is now a Beast Mastery instead of a Master Riding skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Sting] will now cause the target to wake up the next day and ask you to come in for a ride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] will no longer stack with [Death from Above].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Assassination] (Rank 1) now reduces damage taken instead of increasing threat generated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Repentance] is now usable against Demons, elementals, and elementals only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sword Specialization] is now increased to 10/20/30% Sword Specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sword Specialization now increases damage by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Turn Undead] now also adds 5/10 seconds to the [Wrath] cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight] now adds 5/10 seconds to the [Wrath] cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Flay] can no longer be targeted by traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] tooltip updated to reflect the intended healing pattern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadowform now transitions to Ghost if the priest is killed while in this form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Surge of Light] can no longer be triggered by the death of a priest in mid-form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Focused Will] and [Power Word: Shield] will now gain the correct damage modifiers for the creature type of the priest (troll, human, orc, etc...).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Barrier]: The tooltip has been corrected to indicate the damage shield also absorbs damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Radiance]: This talent now correctly reduces the amount of healing done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending]: The tooltip has been corrected to indicate the damage shield also absorbs healing. In addition, this talent will now work properly with Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowform]: This ability will properly deactivate when the priest switches to Shadowform.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Surge of Light] can no longer be triggered by the death of a priest in mid-form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Devouring Plague] damage shown is currently incorrect and has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowfiend], [Shadow Word: Pain], and [Shadowfiend] are currently only available on trainers for Shadow priests. Players can purchase these pets from the trainer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Savage Defense] (Bear Form) now also reduces damage taken by 2% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now also reduces damage taken by 1% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe's Swiftness] is now available to all Tiger abilities, instead of only Bear Form. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Tiger's Swiftness is a new ability for Bear Form that replaces Swiftness in PvP. It has a chance to reset the cooldown of Restored Artifacts and CD, and reset the CD of all abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe's Swiftness] is now available to all Tiger abilities, instead of only Bear Form. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Restored Artifact] no longer has a +damage tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Breath of Fire] now has a +damage and +stability component, and no longer has a +healing component.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Axe Specialization] is now available only to Tiger abilities. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Tiger's Rage and Sudden Death now also apply a -damage cap to Axe Specialization, and may be triggered by Axe Specialization in addition to Critical Mass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Fists of Fury] is now available only to Fury Specialization sets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Fist of Fury damage has been increased by 100%, and now also increases Rage generation from Weapon Damage rolls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ravager] damage has been increased by 45%, and now passively causes the victim to bleed for 15% of damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Flare] damage has been increased by 30%, and now passively causes the victim to Bleed for 15% of damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ravager] bleed damage has been increased by 30%, and no longer applies to friendly players, and will bleed out a bleed effect for the victim when activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Vendetta] now works on targets that are bleeding, not just healing targets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Vendetta will not work on targets that are already bleeding, or that are casting a spell when it activates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rend] is now a physical attack, and damage has been increased to compensate. Rend will now do damage to the primary target, resulting in a net increase in damage dealt. Rend's damage has been changed to offset this, by increasing the damage done by the physical attack in proportion to the increase in speed. Rend's damage has been reduced to compensate, and we will be adding more rotational depth to this new ability in the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gore] now provides a bonus to Armor rather than Intellect, which will make it more palatable to balance. We feel this is a more appropriate balance for a class with no real armor specialization. We feel this is an area where we could use more feedback from the playerbase. General : The buff [ [Frenzy]] provided by [Perdithian Fortitude] has been removed, and replaced with a new talent [Perdithian Resolve]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Perdithian Resolve] is a new passive ability for death knights. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Perdithian Resolve] now also grants armor to the death knight's primary target, in addition to granting energy to other allies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icebound Fortitude] is a new passive ability for death knights. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Icebound Fortitude] now only grants one charge of Frost Fever Strike, and no longer has a limit on how many times it can be used per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast] damage has been increased by approximately 40%. This damage is primarily in response to Arcane Explosion's damage being reduced by 35% off the Arcane Blast tooltip. Blast damage in addition to being reduced by 35% off the Blast damage tooltip, is a new stat to calculate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion] damage has been increased by approximately 40%. This damage is primarily in response to Arcane Explosion's damage being reduced by 35% off the Arcane Explosion tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Missiles]: This ability has been reworked with new tech to increase throughput. We believe this new design approach will yield better overall game balance, especially with regards to Arcane Missiles and Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Trap] is now a passive talent. Its effects are not disrupted when a Rogue enchants or set bonus is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] duration has been increased to 10 seconds, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cold Blood]: This effect has been reduced in duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Counterspell] interrupt duration has been reduced to 3 seconds, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dart] range changed to 8-25 yards, up from 5-10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eviscerate]: This ability has had its range reduced from 20 yards to 25 yards (to match similar abilities like [Hammer of Justice]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostbolt] damage has been increased by approximately 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by approximately 40%. This damage is primarily in response to Frostbolt's damage being reduced by 35% off the Ice Lance tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Barrier] is now a passive effect. Its effects are not disrupted when a Rogue enchants or set bonus is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Snap]: This ability has had its range reduced from 20 yards to 25 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Trap] is now a passive effect. Its effects are not disrupted when a Rogue enchants or set bonus is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Acid Spray] range changed to 8-25 yards, up from 5-10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard]: This ability has had its range reduced from 20 yards to 25 yards (to match similar abilities like [Hammer of Justice]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] base duration has been increased to 6 seconds, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] effect has been increased to 10% damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cone of Cold]: This talent has been replaced with [Frost Armor], which is a new passive ability learned by Frost Mage at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conjure Water] is now a passive effect. Its effects are not disrupted when a Rogue enchants or set bonus is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cone of Cold] has been replaced with Frost Armor, which is a new passive ability learned by Frost Mage at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Armor]: This ability has had its range reduced from 20 yards to 25 yards (to match similar abilities like [Hammer of Justice]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Armor] has been replaced with Frost Armor, which is a new passive ability learned by Frost Mage at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Block]: This ability has had its range reduced from 20 yards to 25 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Block]: This ability has had its damage increased by approximately 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Floes] has been added as a new Follower ability. It is available at level 10 and has a one-minute training cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Lance]: The damage done by this ability has been increased significantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Lance]: The damage done by this ability has been increased by approximately 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Lance]: The damage done by this ability has been increased by approximately 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Trap]: This talent has been replaced with Frost Trap, which is a new Follower ability learned by Frost Mage at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Trap]: This talent has been replaced with Frost Trap, which is a new Follower ability learned by Frost Mage at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Trap] is now a Follower ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Inferno]: This ability has had its duration increased from 10 seconds to 20 seconds. In addition, this ability now replaces Fire Blast for Mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Floes]: This ability has been redesigned. It no longer replaces Frost Blast for Mages, and instead of replacing Frost Blast, it replaces Consecration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Inferno]: This ability has had its duration decreased from 10 seconds to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Incanter's Absorption]: This talent has been replaced with Water Shield, which is a new passive ability learned by Water Elemental at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Incanter's Absorption]: This talent has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Skeleton Key]: Skeleton Key is an item that can be used to unlock graves in the game world. It can also be used to store items used in the game world (e.g. farming materials). Currently only one key is used per graveyard (one per batch of keys used per graveyard). There is a patch coming in game where characters will be able to use other traps and scavengers to enter the game world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Snowblind Shoes]: Snowblind Shoes is an item that increases walking speed. It also has an enchantment that when it triggers, it will cause the next snowfall to fall within a certain time limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sturdy Cloth: Durability has been increased on all items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Strongbox: Strongboxes have had their levels and stats increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Travel Form] is now usable outdoors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Winter's Might]: The bonus spell damage given by this item has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    WARLOCK:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Banish]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Tongues]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Weakness]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Recklessness]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Weakness]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Recklessness]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Weakness]: This spell is now subject to diminishing returns. Dampening is to diminishing returns what haste is to haste; and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Enslave Demon]: This ability now has a 10 second casting time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Eye of Kilrogg]: This talent now works properly. Previously it did not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Inferno]: This ability has been significantly changed. It now has a 30 second cooldown. The damage dealt by the spell has been increased substantially. The duration it provides has been reduced to 30 seconds. In addition, the Inferno damage has been reduced to compensate for the hit points lost due to the duration increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nether Protection]: This talent now works properly. Previously it did not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Corruption]: This spell will no longer trigger when a player is affected by a shapeshift that prevented it from being a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Corruption]: This spell will no longer fail when a caster is affected by several different spells at the same time. In addition, the damage dealt by the spell has been significantly reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Embrace]: This ability has had its range increased so that it will cover more ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Summon Warhorse]: This ability now works properly. Previously it did not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unstable Affliction]: This ability no longer benefits from effects which increase your spell damage. Unstable Affliction will continue to look for an upgrade path and will not change its cost based on which one it chooses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Poison]: This ability will no longer benefit from effects which increase your spell damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer gain the Savage Roar buff from items that modify Roar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer learn the second rank of this ability from books, as the second rank had already been learned by level 85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can't cast Drain Life at the same time they cast Binding Heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can't cast Shadow Bolt at the same time they cast Shadow Dance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer get two consecutive second place awards from the Honor system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer get two consecutive second place awards from the Transmute system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer cast Fire Blast at the same time they cast Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can no longer get two consecutive second place awards from the Transm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Autoloot]: The tooltip has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aimed Shot]: This ability will now always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwrite each other's Aimed Shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: Some procs were not triggered by this shot and now will be correctly. This has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwrite each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: This shot has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage]: This shot has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion]: This shot now has an Aim modifier so it will always be removed correctly if multiple Mages overwriting each other's Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This spell now uses the same cast time for instant cast as Earthquake and is not subject to spell cooldowns. It is also subject to diminishing returns in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent]: This spell now uses the same cast time for instant cast as Earthquake and is not subject to spell cooldowns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Fire Ward]: This talent has been replaced with a new talent called [Tremor Warding]. Please see the dedicated Elemental PvP section for more information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Water Shield]: This talent has been replaced with a new talent called [Mana Shield]. Please see the dedicated Water Shield section for more information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       There were a number of mergers of passive abilities. There were also a few tweaks to several abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chain Heal] has been renamed [Heal] and now scales with Attack Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Rain] has been renamed [Healing Surge] and now heals based on the Paladin's Attack Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursoc] now also makes [Sinister Strike] instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Restorative Waves] now refreshes the duration of [Lightning Bolt] and [Chain Lightning] by 1 second, up from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command] now lasts 15 seconds (up from 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Protection] now lasts 15 seconds (up from 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth]: The penalty for using [Frenzied Regeneration] has been removed. In addition, Frenzied Regeneration can be a critical effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap]: This ability can now trigger while the Paladin is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starshards] now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where many abilities did not work correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW RAID: HELLFIRE CITADEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 90-92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 4 bosses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Challenge Mode}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * 4 bosses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mythic Keystone time limit removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Raid: Hellfire Ramparts }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Challenge Mode: Hellfire Ramparts begins on Wednesday, March 19, 2018, and ends on Monday, March 26, 2018.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEGROUNDS TIME TURNED OFF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * For the Battlegrounds, the Battleground queue will now automatically reset each week leading up to and including the release of Patch 6.0. Thereafter, players will be able to queue for Battle for Azeroth Warfront and Battle for Azeroth Warfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * For Arenas, the Battleground queue will now automatically reset each week leading up to and including the release of Patch 6.0. Thereafter, players will be able to queue for Arenas and Battlegrounds on the same basis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Nomi now has the ability to create [Darkmoon Cards], which can be sent to your characters at any time. In addition, we have added a new [Collector's Pack] to collectible items in the Auction House.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Nomi has learned how to talk to NPCs (and they should listen!). She now understands some spoken lines, and even understands some written ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Nomi can now create [Collectors' Pack] with a single click. The pack contains a [Darkmoon Card], [Yak-Herder's Knife], [Aldor Guardian], and [Aldor Peacekeeper].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices on all items have been significantly reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices on all weapons have been significantly reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices on epic items have been significantly reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices on weapons with multiple ranks have been capped. In the event a player is unable to sell an item, then the highest rank item in the set can be purchased at its listed price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices on epic items have been capped for the moment to allow players who wish to sell them a second look at them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkmoon Card: Grand Widow] is now available to players who purchased Darkmoon Card: Grand Champion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkmoon Card: Ring of Mortality] is now available to players who purchased Darkmoon Card: Ring of Valor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkmoon Card: Throne of Thorns] is now available to players who purchased Darkmoon Card: Throne of Despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkmoon Card: Firelands Tower] is now available to players who purchased Darkmoon Card: Firelands Queen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The sell value of player sold items has been capped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Sell prices for player sold items have been capped for the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If an item has sell prices or buy prices in the Auction House, they will be replaced with a higher buy price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now use the Auction House to place items up for auction. The Buy Price and Buy It/It Price buttons will then only allow items up for auction with a buyout price below the asking price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The following items have the lowest buyout prices for players: [Darkmoon Card: Firelands Queen], [Darkmoon Card: Throne of Thorns], [Darkmoon Card: Steamer of Dawns], [Darkmoon Card: Windseeker] (for Azeroth and Highmountain), [Darkmoon Card: Windseeker] (for all other Azeroth realms), and [Darkmoon Card: Fracture].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Darkspear Trolls have always been a popular choice for warlocks due to their fast paced and strategic nature. In Patch 7.1.2, the Trolls were replaced with the Gallows Trolls, who hail from the Eastern Plaguelands. The Darkspear Trolls have a long history with the Eastern Plaguelands, and are a proud clan. Their leader, Gallows, is a Troll from the Eastern Plaguelands. Their leader, Warlocks, are also from the Eastern Plaguelands. Both Warlocks and Trolls have a long history with the Eastern Plaguelands, and have always fought for the clan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the war against the Demons, the Trolls were extremely helpful in the battle for Hallow's End. Their leader, Gallows, is also the clan warlock known as "the Dragon" due to his mystical powers. After the war against the Demons, Warlocks and Trolls returned to their homeland, where they continue their war against the Horde.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patch 7.1.2 includes the first playable Warlocks and Trolls, alongside the Gallows Trolls. The Patch 7.1.2 cinematic is narrated by a female Troll.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Patch 7.1.2 cinematic is considered a pre-release patch, and was written by a player prior to the official announcement. The cinematic highlights the changes with art by Nefarian. The music composed by Jaime Ayala is primarily instrumental. The Patch 7.1.2 cinematic is considered a placeholder for the expansion, and is not part of the official expansion roadmap.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Professions Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Class Halls Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Divination Templates Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Blizzard Social Media Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the EU NDA Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the GMAIL Communities Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Dark Heart of Pandaria}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mists of Pandaria: Greenskin's Rest}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tauren vs Troll: The Undercity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frostfire Ridge}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forcestone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discuss on the Official Forums}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand many players are new to the threads on these forums, so here is a quick FAQ for those who may be more interested:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "How do I post a battle report?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Add Player" button found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I find a battle report location?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Find Player" function found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I make a post?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Edit Report" function found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I change the channel?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Change Channels" button found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I leave a guild?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Leave Guild" button found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become a mentor?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "N/A" option found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become a mentor counselor?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "N/A" option found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become a mentor receive reward?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "N/A" option found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become a flight master?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Fly Master" function found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become a flight master again?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Fly Master Again" button found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I become an auction house auction house?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Auction House" button found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I buy items with gold prices?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Buying" function found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q: "Where can I sell items with silver prices?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A: By using the "Sell" function found on the bottom right hand side of the mini-map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R.I.P. My Account}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand the importance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Comet Storm] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Orb] added to world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blizzard] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Pulse] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostbolt damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Shock] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Orb] is now a trinket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Sphere] is now a trinket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Sword] renamed [Frozen Orb].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Touch] renamed [Frozen Orb].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostbolt damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt Missile] renamed [Frostbolt]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostbolt damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 55%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 65%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 85%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 95%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 110%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 120%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 125%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 150%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 165%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt damage increased by 195%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bite] now reduces damage taken by 20% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bite] Range changed to 20 yards (was 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feed Pet] now increases pet damage by 50% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Guard] now lasts 6 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Heart of the Phoenix] moved to level 100 (was level 90).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent: [ [Frenzy] (Level 30)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Frenzied Regeneration increases the healing done by your healing over time effect by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Intimidating Shout] is now a level-30 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Master's Call] is now a level-90 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Riposte] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stampede] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swipe] is now a level-30 talent (was level-25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Thrash damage increased by 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Swipe (Bear) range changed to 20 yards (was 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Thrash silence effect reduced by 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Killer Instincts] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mend Pet] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Might of Ursol] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Might of Taurik] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Outsider] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stampede] is now a level-60 talent (was level-30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swipe] range changed to 20 yards (was 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Thrash damage increased by 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue causing Thrash damage to sometimes be removed when a player merges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue causing Mend Pet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Targeted spells cast by a rogue will now be more likely to be dodged by their target. This is to prevent the player from simply zoning into the area and spamming the dodge key with no regard for the fact that their target will be using that key to dodge the dodge. The rogue has been specially trained in order to avoid using dodge abilities where possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Misdirection] now only works on the spell caster only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pour] no longer affects damage, and now restores mana based on the spell's mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal Fate] is no longer a talent and is a passive effect. It increases the chance to hit with spells and melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal Fate] is now a buff on all allies instead of a debuff. It has a 10-second duration and a 20-second duration, but is not on the global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal Fate] is no longer a talent and is a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Justice] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] is no longer a talent and is a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Wisdom] is no longer a talent, and is now a passive effect. It increases the critical chance of Seal of Wisdom's effects on Seal of Truth and Seal of Command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Wrath] is no longer a talent, and is now a passive effect. It increases damage done by the spell and its mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] is no longer a talent, and is now a passive effect. It increases damage done by the spell and its mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Attunement]: Now grants 2/4% increased mana regeneration to mana cost for spells and effects that cost mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Strength of Soul] is now a passive effect and is a non-stop buff increasing Strength by 10%. No longer causes mana regeneration to occur. Strength of Soul now only affects melee attacks and is a strength-based ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tranquility] can now be used in Cat or [Beast forms] and has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] is no longer a talent and is now a non-stop buff with a cooldown of 30 seconds, with a cooldown of [no longer than 6 seconds] and can no longer be used on structures. The visual for healing from the [Mana Feed] ability has been changed to make it easier to distinguish between the two. Mana Feed: When the Priest casts [Vampiric Touch] on a target, the cast time of [Heal] is added into the equation with the Vampiric Touch heal. This is the primary source of contention between the two talents. The talent [Vampiric Touch] is intended to be used in conjunction with [Contrition] in order to greatly increase the healing of the [Vampiric Touch] talent. Contrition currently does not work with Vampiric Touch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Contrition]'s effect is now baseline and has been replaced with a new talent, [Mana Feed]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mana Feed] increases the healing of the [Vampiric Touch] talent by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mindbender] now also has a chance to activate when the Priest takes a critical hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] duration has been reduced to 8 seconds (was 13 seconds). Vampiric Touch will no longer be used when the Priest takes normal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a damage range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a damage range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] (Artifact Trait) damage has been increased to 250% spell crit (was 210%), and cast time has been reduced to 4 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Eruption] (Art}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] is no longer considered a stun and will no longer trigger effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mudslide] no longer triggers effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rime] now deals damage to more targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Mograine] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] now increases damage by 2/4/6% (was 1/2/3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Army of the Dead] and [Apocalypse] should no longer cause friendly players to deselect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reaping] should no longer cause harvest notifications to appear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] now also be triggered by items that increase strength, such as [Avenging Wrath].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] now has a chance to be triggered when a player attacks a target that is above 90% health, instead of 90% being triggered when attacked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] now has a 90 second cooldown between uses (was 3 minutes), and is now a passive effect (was a talent), and its benefits have been merged with [Seal of Blood].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Hammer] now has a 2 minute cooldown (was 1 minute), and its benefits have been merged with [Seal of Ice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crusader Strike] now has a 6 second stun (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hammer of the Righteous] now has a 6 second stun (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Horn of Winter] now has a 3 minute cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Wrath] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Protection] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] can now also be triggered by blows to the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Righteousness] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] can now also be triggered by blows to the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] no longer has a limit on duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] can now be triggered by blows to the legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] can now be re-entered if the Priest cancels mid-stream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Truth] can now be re-entered if the Priest cancels mid-stream and the other player interferes with the exiting Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] can no longer be used on PvP targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a 30 yard range (was 20 yard range in PvP).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] can no longer be used on PvP targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Flay] now reduces the mana cost of [Mind Flay] by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sudden Doom] now reduces the cooldown of Sudden Doom by 5 seconds (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Sear] now reduces the cooldown of Mind Sear by 1 minute (was a reduction of 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Blast] now reduces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Priests can now use scrolls and other scrolls items (including consumables) while in [Spirit of Redemption] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Retribution Aura] - This spell can now be cast on self by right-clicking the aura icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Might] - This spell is now properly penalized when used with Finishing Moves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - Using this Blessing of Wisdom will no longer cause the Priest's mouse cursor to briefly disappear between spaces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - Using this Blessing of Wisdom will now always return a copy to the player's inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 100% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 1% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Insight] - This Blessing of Insight can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 1% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 2% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 3% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 4% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 5% chance to be disenchanted, and an additional 1% chance for disenchanted items to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 1% chance to be disenchanted, and can now never be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 2% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 3% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 1% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 4% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 2% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 5% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 3% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 1% chance to be disenchanted, and can now never be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 2% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 3% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 3% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 4% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 4% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 5% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 5% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 7% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 1% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 2% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 2% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 3% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 3% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 5% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] - This Blessing of Wisdom now has a 4% chance to be disenchanted, has a further 5% chance to be disenchanted, and has a further 7% chance to be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Truth] - This Blessing of Wisdom no longer has a chance to be disenchanted when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mindbender] now also increases the Mind Blast damage of the Warlock's next Arcane Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul Link] has been reworked. It no longer functions as a link, and instead is a 100% dispellable spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The most difficult abilities to balance in the game had a large number of redundant abilities that did little or nothing for your survivability. We decided to merge these abilities into a single talent tree, rebalance the differences, and add new abilities to each specialization. The Mage specialization has the most ability consolidation, but also the most removal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage (Arcane) }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Blast] now always procs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Explosion] is now a passive talent, and is no longer a talent. Its effects are now learned at level 30, and are now passive for all specs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Explosion]'s damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Missiles]: Now only provides direct damage, and no longer a chance to gain an additional benefit from modifiers to Arcane Missiles. Its benefits have been merged into base Arcane Explosion ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Barrage]'s damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Blast]'s damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Arcane Explosion]'s effects have been merged into Arcane Explosion. The arcane side of the talent now has a chance to trigger every time Arcane Explosion hits, and the damage has been increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Curse of Recklessness] and [Curse of Tongues] have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Demonbolt] now has only a single rank (was two ranks). It no longer has a chance to be triggered and is now consumed when a spell fails to do what it was designed to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] has been changed. It now increases the healing done by the most recently applied [Seal of Righteousness] by 40% (was 30%), and when it activates it also removes one Curse of Recklessness effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Horn of Winter] is now passive (was a talent), and now increases the damage reduction from Horn of Winter's effects by 30% (was 20%), and increases the resistance to Dispel mechanics by 10% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Horn of the Winter God] is now a passive ability (was a talent), and generates 10 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Horn of the Wild God] is now a passive ability (was a talent), and generates 10 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Fire] now also makes you immune to Dispel mechanics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Will] now also makes you immune to Dispel mechanics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Power Infusion] now also makes you immune to Dispel mechanics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Renewed Hope] has been changed. It now has a 10% chance to turn the next Battleground or Arenas (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadowfury] now has a spell visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Raise Ally] now has a 1-minute cooldown (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ravage] now has a 30-yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Alter Time] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Anthropic Resistance] now provides 100% chance for melee attacks to miss instead of 100% parry chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserking] now lasts 6 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cleave] damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dauntless] now reduces the cooldown of [Battle Shout] by 3 seconds and its cooldown has been reduced to 3 minutes (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance] now reduces damage taken by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hamstring] now only has one rank (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [In For The Kill] now has one rank (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] no longer has a prerequisite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of Ursol] now reduces the duration of [Mortal Strike] by 0.5 seconds (was a 10% reduction).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pain Suppression] no longer reduces the duration of Pain Suppression, and instead reduces its cooldown by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion] now reduces the cooldown of Power Infusion by 20 seconds (was 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Retaliation] now has one rank (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Focus] is a new talent replacing [Shadowy Recall]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * It has 2 charges, costs 35 energy (was 45 energy). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * When activated, this talent now also reduces the global cooldown of Recall by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowy Recall] now only has one rank (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Focus] is a new talent replacing [Shadowy Recall]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * It has 2 charges, costs 35 energy (was 45 energy). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * When activated, this talent now also reduces the global cooldown of Recall by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Blood] now also affects [Festering Wound].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HORDE CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The biggest change here is probably the biggest change to Warriors in a long time: the ability to ignore tank buffs. Everyone loves a good tank buff, and it's great to have a group of Warriors who share your love for the game. However, in order to make this a reality we needed to change the core gameplay of Warriors. We've always been about adding gameplay depth to the game, so we're happy with the results. However, there are some situations where that gameplay depth comes at the cost of tank DPS.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        [Ravager] is a popular tank ability among newer players, so we wanted to expand the game to include more tanks. However, we also needed to make the talent more viable for lower level Tanks. Our goal with Tank Devastation was to remove the ability for lower level Tanks to just sit back and take damage, and we were successful with that. We've lost some of that depth with the changes to [Ravager], but we've gained some new gameplay depth with the changes to [Wrecking Crew].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We also needed to change the playstyle of Warrior [Mortal Strike], because [Slam]'s damage has been reduced by 40% and [Riposte]'s damage has been reduced by 30%. We also needed to change the targeting cone of [Mortal Strike], because that mechanic has always been broken down into different categories. So, we changed Armor Sacks to now have a single category (Destructive Ability) and added a new category (Stunting Ability) to Armor Proficiencies. All of those changes apply to Misdirection as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Another big change for Warriors is the addition of [Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arenas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodlust: Brittle Breeze] no longer has a cap on duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arena Stances have been removed from the game. They will be reinstated once the Arena system is fully implemented in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground brackets have been restructured. Battleground brackets are now based on faction. Factions will compete on a per-faction basis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground brackets have been split into 3 levels: Bronze, Silver and Gold. Each faction's bracket has it's own leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items have had their level requirements changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items that can grant bonuses to a stat have been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Healing and Mana potions are now flagged as Divination items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Divination cards are now only usable on the Priest and Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items that can grant armor to a character have been changed: Bilgewater's Strigil, Netherwind Regalia, Stormshroud Armor, and the PvP crest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items that can give armor to a character have been changed: Sash of the Sand Reaver, Sash of the Thunder King, and the Ring of Conquest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most weapons have had their level requirements changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most armor and weapons have had their level requirements changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can make a difference in the game (items, consumables, etc.) have been changed: Bilgewater's Strigil, Netherwind Regalia, Stormshroud Armor, and the PvP crest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Sash of the Sand Reaver, Sash of the Thunder King, and the Ring of Conquest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Mask of the Forest, Mask of the Sea, and the RBG-625 Core Hound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Cloak of the Forest, Cloak of the Sea, and the RBG-625 Core Hound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Cloak of the Forest, Mask of the Sea, and the RBG-625 Core Hound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Mask of the Forest, Mask of the Sea, and the RBG-625 Core Hound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most items that can't be equipped have been changed: Cloak of the Forest, Mask of the Sea, and the RBG-625 Core Hound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground brackets have been removed from the game. Battleground brackets are now based on region.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground brackets have been split into 3 levels: Bronze, Silver, and Gold. Each faction's bracket has it's own leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players in a group who are attempting to enter a Battleground together will now be able to do so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Battleground bracket system has been split into 3 levels: Bronze, Silver, and Gold. Each faction's bracket has it's own leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Eligibility for a Battleground has been split into 4 levels. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Eligibility for a Battleground can be converted into Gold, Silver, or Bronze by speaking with an NPC in one of the following Battlegrounds: Arathi Basin, Alterac Valley, or Strand of the Ancients.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now queue up for Wintergrasp and Tol Barad by speaking with the faction's in-game voice chat feature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Strand of the Ancients has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wintergrasp has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Tol Barad has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arathi Basin has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Strand of the Ancients has been split into 4 different sections. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Strand of the Ancients: Arathi Basin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Trove dungeons now share a single raid boss category.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All boss encounters have had their XP rewards increased to ilevel 496.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Alliance version of this dungeon is now available on Heroic difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Horde version can be found on Normal difficulty in Molten Core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be eligible for a Heroic Dungeon loot roll for the first time each week as a result of this week's PvP changes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Each week the cap on Conquest Points earned per week from previous expansions is now calculated, and displayed on the Character Info page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Last week the cap was calculated and displayed in the table at the top of the page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This week's cap is displayed on the Character Info page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Note that the cap on Conquest Points earned per week from previous expansions is now calculated, and displayed on the Character Info page, instead of the weekly cap displayed in the weekly Conquest points calculator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Conquest Points cap is displayed on the Character Info page for the week prior to the week prior to this week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This week's cap is displayed in the weekly Conquest points calculator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cap on Conquest Points earned per week from previous expansions is now calculated, and displayed on the Character Info page, instead of the weekly cap displayed in the weekly Conquest points calculator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This week's cap is displayed in the tooltip for the Horde Conquest Points cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This week's cap is also displayed on the Character Info page for the week prior to the week prior to this week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Note that the Conquest Points cap is not reset until the end of the current season.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This season's Conquest Point cap is displayed in the "Last Week" section of the Conquest points calculator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now search for specific Conquest points cap calculations on the Combat Log by clicking on the word "Conquest Points" or "Conquest Points Per Week".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The weekly Conquest points calculator now displays the amount of Conquest Points earned by a player based on the calculation of their weekly cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The amount of Conquest Points earned each week from this Conquest point cap will be displayed on the Character Info page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now display a debuff on players that they have engaged in combat that will prevent them from earning Conquest points from this source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now display a debuff on each faction that they have engaged in combat that will prevent them from earning Conquest points from this source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The amount of Conquest Points a player can earn in a week from this source now displays in the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This week's cap is displayed in the weekly Conquest points calculator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now click on the Garrison Invader tab to display the tooltip for the Garrison Invader in the Garrison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Save Garrison" button has been added to the Garrison Invader tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Move Your Own Garrison" button has been added to the Garrison Invader tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Combat Experience" experience cap has been increased to 100 Garrison Invader points (was 10).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Move Your Own Garrison" button has been added to the Garrison Invader tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The duration of the "Move Your Own Garrison" buff has been increased to 30 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Anesthetic Poison" has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Move Your Own Garrison" button has been added to the Garrison Invader tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gryphon" has had its hit points and damage slightly reduced. It is intended that these changes will allow a more varied combat rotation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "No Combat" flag has been added to the map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new arrow has been added to the tooltips for the "Mend Pet" and "Revive Pet" actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Move Your Own Garrison" button has been added to the Garrison Invader tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Actions that have a visible cost now have a cost highlighted in the combat log tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Force multipliers are now properly applied to all spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All talents, glyphs, and mounts that modify healing done have been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue causing some non-combat pets to be referred to as Minions rather than Pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several mounts had a bonus attack power that was lost when the warrior took off the helm. This has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * An issue where ranged attackers could blindside a warrior when the warrior was sitting has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The haste bonus of the mount has been changed to a flat bonus to attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stamina bonus of the mount has been changed to a flat bonus to stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The intellect bonus of the mount has been changed to a flat bonus to intellect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stamina bonus of the mount has been changed to a flat bonus to stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The intellect bonus of the mount has been changed to a flat bonus to intellect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The haste bonus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hex of Weakness]: This ability now works properly with [Glyph of Weakness] (see also: Glyph of Weakness).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lash of Pain] no longer cancels when the pet takes damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Maul]: The tooltip has been corrected to display the correct damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pain Suppression]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 and 2 of this ability were not properly buffing the Suppression talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion]: Corrected a tooltip error in the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 and 2 of this ability were not properly buffing the Rage of Rivendare talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rip]: The tooltip has been corrected to display the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 and 2 of this ability were not properly buffing the Savage Defense talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Templar]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 and 2 of this ability were not properly buffing the Shield of the Templar talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Righteous]: The tooltip has been corrected to display the damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Templar]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 and 2 of this ability were not properly buffing the Shield of the Templar talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot]: This ability has the correct UI controls for ranks 1 and 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede]: This talent can no longer be triggered by the death of the Paladin who cast [Guardian of Ancient Kings] on their leader. In addition, the effect has been changed to a flat damage bonus instead of a chance to increase armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe]: The tooltip has been corrected to display the damage increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thorns]: This ability will no longer incorrectly trigger on the casting Paladin who is under the effects of [Cyclone] or [Banish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wind Shear] (Windfury) will now work properly with the [Thunderstorm] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Aura Mastery]: This ability can no longer be triggered by the death of the Paladin who cast [Guardian of Ancient Kings] on their leader. In addition, the effect has been changed to a flat damage bonus instead of a chance to increase armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Avenger's Shield] will no longer cause [Flash of Light] to trigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Crusader's Judgment] will no longer cause [Guardian of Ancient Kings] to trigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Sacred Shield]: Corrected a bug where rank 1 of this ability was not properly buffing the Holy version of Shield of the Righteous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seals of the Crusader] will now work properly with [Banish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Divine Plea]: Corrected a tooltip error in the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Divine Plea]: The tooltip has been corrected to display the amount healed instead of a heal amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Paladin Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Crusader's Judgment]: The tooltip has been corrected to correctly state that the damage bonus occurs only once per battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sanctified Retribution]: This talent can no longer incorrectly be triggered by the death of the Paladin who cast [Guardian of Ancient Kings].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sanctified Retribution] no longer incorrectly grants only melee attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sword of Light] again grants only Holy damage. This was being incorrectly reported as a loss, leading to some Paladin's being unable to cast [Light}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Maelstrom Weapon] - Weapon damage bonus reduced to 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Magma Totem] - This totem will now only damage targets that are affected by the [Waterlogged] debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rockbiter Weapon] - Damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Searing Flames] - Mana cost now scales with attack power, not spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stoneskin Totem] - This totem will now only damage targets that are affected by the rockbiter debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Weapon] - Damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windfury Totem - This totem will now only damage targets that are affected by the windfury debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     WARLOCK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Intent] - This aura is now removed when a warlock dies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     WARRIOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hamstring] - This ability will no longer work on certain melee abilities, such as [Charge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pummel] - This ability will now only work on the target who actually attacked the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shield Bash] - This ability will no longer work on certain melee abilities, such as [Charge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] - This ability will now only work on the target who actually attacked the warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Tranquilizing Shot - This ability can no longer be blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Devout Crown] - Now grants 12 runic power, down from 15. Now grants stability and haste, down from three of each type. This change applies to all versions of the [Devout Crown] up to and including the current patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Orb] - The damage and scaling power of the gem has been increased. In addition, the bonus damage to critical strikes from the gem has been reduced to 10% increased critical strike chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Magister's Mantle] - This item\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s stats have been adjusted to make it more attractive to Balance, Restoration, and Feral roles. The bonuses to spell damage and spell damage from this item have been removed. The stats in the helm now add up to 70% of the item's stats. The effect the mage gets from this helm effect remains unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Insignia of the Alliance]/Horde and Medallion of the Alliance/Horde now have a 1-second casting time, and heal based on the mage's bonus healing from [Lifebloom], and their associated effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Medallion of the Alliance]/Horde has been adjusted to give a 10% bonus to healing, instead of a 25% bonus to spell damage. The effects of the Medallion have not changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowcraft Vestments] are now Superior (blue) items and are available from the Shadowcraft trainers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vestments of the Burning Crusade] are now Superior (purple) items and can be purchased from the vendors in Dalaran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage increase to [Arcane Blast] provided by the [Magic Suppression] talent has been reduced to 5/10/15%, down from 20/40/60%. In addition, the damage reduction provided by this talent has been reduced to 10/20/30%, down from 20/40/60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Frost Wardens] (Restoration) set bonus has been improved. It now provides a 10/20/30% chance to resist the damage taken by the mage's most recently applied Frost Ward effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Incanter's Gloves] set bonus has been improved. It now provides a 10/20/30% chance to resist the damage taken by the mage's most recently applied Frost Ward effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Frost Wardens] (Restoration) set bonus has been improved. It now provides a 10/20/30% chance to resist the damage taken by the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s most recently applied Frost Ward effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ice Block] now has a spell animation associated with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Power] now generates a small amount of threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Blast] will no longer charge up its charges when it triggers a new effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Explosion] no longer consumes the [Arcane Focus] talent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Recuperate] now heals the target when the druid is at full health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shell Shield] now only activates when the druid takes damage, instead of when they are hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Wave] now only activates when the target takes damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Maelstrom] has been replaced with [Glyph of Rapid Rejuvenation], which increases the duration of Rejuvenation by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shiv] now only activates when the druid is stunned, instead of all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Renew] now only activates when the druid is stunned, instead of all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after leaving a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after using a Glyph of Wrath while zoning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druid abilities which have cooldowns should now be properly labeled as auto-attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after using a Glyph of Regenerative Power while zoning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should no longer have UI issues after using a Glyph of Tidal Mastery while zoning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should now be properly credited a Glyph of Sanctuary when they are first learning this Glyph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should now be properly credited a Glyph of Soothe Animal when they are first learning this Glyph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should now be properly credited a Glyph of the Woolly Unicorn when they are first learning this Glyph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids should now be properly credited a Glyph of the Tiny Crane when they are first learning this Glyph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aimed Shot] is now properly a class ability and not a niche ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Shot] now properly applies its visual effect to the hunter's equipped weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aspect of the Fox] now reduces movement speed, rather than increase ranged attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Concussive Shot] is now properly a hunter ability and not a niche ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Deterrence] no longer has a limit on the ranged attack power gained by the hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fervor of Hunt] is now being applied to Misdirection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [In For The Kill] no longer has a 1 second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Instantly cast spells now have a 1.5 second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Roar of the Pack] is now properly an empowered version of [Roar of the Warden].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stampede] no longer removes movement-impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wyvern Sting] is now being used to apply [Wyvern Sting] to a target rather than its master. The movement speed reduction is to help keep mounts moving in encounters with multiple targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The pet UI bar is briefly displayed before the pet goes into passive mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the correct order in the pet UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the hunter's party or raid UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the hunter's own party or raid UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the hunter's own raid UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the hunter's own party or raid UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets do not always appear in the hunter's own party or raid UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The hunter's own UI will now properly display the percentage of the pet's health the hunter has retained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The hunter's own UI will now properly display the damage the hunter has already dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Feed Pet] while a pet is performing an action will no longer cause the pet to stop moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can no longer mount while using [Flight Master]. Flight Master remains in effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cold Weather Resistance] has been replaced with [Ice Thistle Tea], which has never failed to thicken your wallet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chill Streak] is now 20% cooler.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chill Streak no longer damages chilled targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Clawing Shadows] now also causes [Shred] to come out of stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dire Beast] now deals 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Charge] is now a 45-yard line for incoming damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Instinct] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guard] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Tide Totem] is now 50% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mudslide] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Might of Ursoc] is now 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nether Instinct] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Owlkin Frenzy] is now 25% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prowl] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Psychic Scream] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is now 15% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] no longer has a specific time limit (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swipe] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Thrash is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thrash] now knocks targets back much farther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ursol's Vortex] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wandering Plague] is now 25% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Worgen Instinct] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Worgen Savageness] is now 20% more effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mangle] is now [Maul] (Druid ability) and is no longer [Murl]. Maul is now a unique ability and Maul is now a passive talent. Mangle is now a rage generating ability and has a 2-minute cooldown. Maul has been removed. Maul damage has been increased, but the ability now only generates rage when the attack misses or is dodged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Feral Instinct] now has a 10-second cooldown, and is no longer a rage generating ability. Its duration has been changed to 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Touch] has been redesigned. It is now a 20% melee instant talent, with a 3-minute cooldown, but heals the party for 6% of the amount healed every second. Each party member will receive a fixed amount of healing from the spell. In addition, Healing Touch heals for a larger area around the target (up to 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mangle] is now a 30 yard range ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Maul] is now a unique ability and is no longer a passive talent. It is now a rage generating ability. Maul is now a unique ability with a 2-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] now increases melee damage by 10% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] no longer increases the damage of Mangle but its damage has been increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] now provides 20% bonus damage to melee attacks and ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rage of Rivendare] now increases the critical strike chance of Bladestorm by 30% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager] now increases the damage of Ravager when it triggers (was Bladestorm).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Virulent Plague] no longer benefits from the damage reduction of Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *  [Goblin Blast Wave]: This ability is now exclusive with [Goblin Blast Wave], which is exclusive with Thunder Wave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Curse of Tongues]: This spell is now categorized as a Curses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Revenge]: Damage done when this ability is parried increased to 300%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Intervene]: Intervene is now a passive skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hamstring]: Stun duration broken via [Hamstring] removed, cooldown reduced from 10 minutes to 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Smoke Bomb]: This ability is now a party ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thunder Clap]: Range changed to 5 yards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Devout Crown], [Devout Set], and [Devout Shoulders] have had their amounts of various stats reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heirloom Upgrade]: Chance for this upgrade to produce a transmogrification item changed to 50% chance previously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insignia of the Alliance] has been increased to 1% armor, 25% weapon damage, 1% spell damage, and 1% spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insignia of the Horde] has been increased to 1% armor, 25% weapon damage, 1% spell damage, and 1% spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Medallion of the Alliance]: This item will now only be applied to characters of the appropriate race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Medallion of the Horde] has been increased to 1% armor, 25% weapon damage, 1% spell damage, and 1% spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Medallion of the neutral order] has been increased to 1% armor, 25% weapon damage, 1% spell damage, and 1% spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Messages from the stars] now have a chance to grant a scroll of blessing on a specific item, but no longer has a chance to grant haste. This change is to accommodate the new spell system in Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nightfall] now has a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spellstone]: Effect w/ cooldown changed from 5 to 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftness of the Warrior] is now a 10-point talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Embrace]: This ability's effect has been changed to 15% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Touch]: This spell now has a significantly reduced chance to be parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Bolt]: The duration on this spell has been reduced to 10 seconds, down from 20. It also has a smaller cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Eruption]: This spell now has a significantly reduced chance to be parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Lord]: This spell now has a significantly reduced chance to be parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Voidform]: This ability now has a 2-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Bolt Silencer]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wave of Transformation]: This ability has a cooldown, and has a rank restrictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Voidform now has a 1-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wave of Transformation] now has a cooldown, and has a rank restriction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Will of the Light]: This ability now has a cooldown, and has a rank restriction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wind Shear] has been changed. It now has a 10-second cooldown. Will of the Light will also now trigger when an affected character is hit with a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wind Burst]: This ability now has a 15% chance to be parried instead of a 20% chance. In addition, it now has a 100% chance to be dispelled when used against an opponent who is immune to silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wind Chill]: This ability now has a 10-second cooldown. Wind Chill also no longer has a base duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wind Burst Silencer]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Floes] now has a base duration of 12 seconds and a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wind Chill] now has a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Water Elemental Totem] now has a cast time of 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wind Chill now has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction: All specs now have a 3%/5% chance to be afflicted by Unstable Affliction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonology: This talent now also applies to all Unstable Afflictions. Demonologists will always be at risk for Unstable Affliction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Destruction: This talent now also applies to all Unstable Afflictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman: The effects of Lightning Shield and Earth Shield have been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks: Warlocks now have a 20%/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostfire Bolt will no longer be affected by [Eradication].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostbolt can now be re-applied when a player switches specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reactive Barrier effect from the [Might of the Frozen Wastes] talents will no longer be triggered by killing high-level foes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Will of the Frozen Wastes] will now work properly even when not in an Icecrown bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    WARLOCK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Banish] will now trigger [Corruption].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Corruption] will no longer work on bosses who had their health buffed by [Immolate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Tongues] will no longer work against players whose pet was killed by the spellcaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Drain Life] will now properly damage pets (and not just damage over time effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Life Tap] can no longer be used to remove life-draining effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Feed]: This ability will now trigger properly from all damaging spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nether Protection] (Guardian) now works properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] - This spell can no longer trigger naturally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowguard] (Night Elf) will now work properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Link] (Troll) will now work properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wand Specialization] (Felguard) will now function properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    WARRIOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Armored to the Teeth] will now cause Warrior to look into their [Enchant Shield] slots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Anticipation] (Paladin) is now removed when a new spell is cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Anticipation]: This talent will now be triggered correctly when the Warrior is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Anticipation]: This talent now works properly with [Sweeping Strikes].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cleave] (Paladin) will now cause auto attacks to ignore untalented secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hamstring] (Paladin) will now cause auto attacks to ignore unintended secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [In For The Kill] can no longer be used to remove movement restrictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Land Roar] can no longer be used to remove land speed restrictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rallying Cry] (Troll) can no longer be used to remove hero abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunder Clap]'s (Dwarf/Human) duration has been reduced to 10 seconds, but its cooldown has been increased to 5 minutes (was 6 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunder Clap]: This ability is now cancelled when the target dodges or parries any attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Troll Berserking]: This ability can now be used when the Warrior has no mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Troll Berserking]: This ability now does an additional amount of damage in addition to its current effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vigilance] (Human) effect tweaked to be more consistent with other heals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Widow Venom] duration has been changed to 6 seconds (was 8 seconds), and healing has been increased to compensate (the extra healing has been reduced).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Widow Venom] now has a 15 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Far Sight] (Night Elf) duration has been changed to 6 seconds (was 8 seconds), and its cooldown has been increased to compensate (the extra healing has been reduced).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fists of Fury] and [Fists of Justice] now have a 1-handed weapon swap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Battle Shout] cooldown has been adjusted to 12 seconds (was 15 seconds), and its base cooldown has been adjusted to 1 minute (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Berserker Rage]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate it only works on auto-attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bloodrage] (rage) rage cost has been adjusted to be the same (it costs 2 rage to activate).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bloodrage] (rage) cost has been adjusted to be equal to the cost of [Auto Attacks] and [Marksmanship] (it costs 3 rage to activate).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Defensive Stance]: Now reduces damage taken by 6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Battle.net + Event Model and Graphic Addon:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Battle.net + Event Model and Graphic Addon: blizz.net/gl/1wcGvN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This new add-on adds in-game sound and graphic to the main menu by default. It can be turned on with the --enabling flag variable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Supported Addons: blizz.net/gl/1wcGvN, dyson.net/gl/1wcgN, lordaeron.net/gl/1wcgN, nesingwary.net/gl/1wcgN.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Not all Addons support all languages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [3D-texture] option is enabled by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Texture formats supported: jpg, png, tga, txt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Can be turned on with '--enabling' flag variable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Max texture size supported is unknown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Can be toggled in the Interface Options menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mouse sounds are now more consistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mouse click events have been added that will send mouse events to the game object.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a 'pin' action for receiving items from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When a player moves an item from one bag to another, it will cause the corresponding bag to stop moving and start moving with the item in place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When a player receives an item from the game, it will cause the corresponding bag to stop moving and start moving with the item in place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shuffle functionality has been added to some random player generated quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added 'for' and 'from' buttons to general chat messages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The option to use a Jig of Laughs has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The option to use a Jig of Stitches has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Bone Backpacks removed from the game have been given a visual update.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Sleep is now available at level 20. Sleep spells are now available at level 10 for stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Drink Water is now available at level 20. Water is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Eat is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Forgetfulness is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Grasshopper is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Headache is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Sores is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Arrow is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Brain Storm is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Wrinkle is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Lengthened Life is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Swift Mentality is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Mind Flay is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Curse of Agony is now available at level 30. Food is now available at level 20 for non-combat related purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Shadow is now available at level 30. Clothing is now available at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Recall is now available at level 20. Flasks are now available at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Mana Burn is now available at level 30. Clarity of mind is now now a stat and not a skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Curse of Fury is now available at level 30. Blood is now now a stat and not a skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: Enrage is now available at level 20}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm: Arctic Vortex] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm: Firewall] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm: Flaming Scorch] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm: Frostfire Bolt] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Comet Storm] now only applies a 50% snare to ranged dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Block] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Pillar] now only applies a 50% snare to dual wielding (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Bomb] now applies a 20% snare to ranged weapons (was a 30% snare).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now applies a 5% snare to ranged weapons (was 3% snare).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Growl] now applies a 5% snare to all attacks (was only melee attacks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now applies a 5% snare to all attacks (was only melee attacks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Burn] now applies a 5% snare to all attacks (was only melee attacks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now applies a 5% snare to all attacks (was only melee attacks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icefury] now applies a 5% snare to ranged attacks (was a 30% snare).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [It's Cold Outside] now applies a 5% snare to melee attacks (was a 30% snare).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ray of Frost] duration increased to 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of Alodi] no longer has any effect other than increasing armor of Frostbolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Chain] has been moved to level 100 (was level 70).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stormstrider] damage and armor bonus increased to 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vibro Dagger] bonus damage to [Chain Heal] reduced to 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windrunner}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chi Wave] base mana cost reduced to 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fists of Fury]'s damage has been increased to 100% attack power (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] is now a passive ability learned by Combat Rogues at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rushing Jade Wind]'s tooltip has been adjusted to indicate it only works on single target actions. It will not work on larger creatures such as game objects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Keg Smash has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rushing Jade Wind]'s tooltip has been adjusted to indicate it only works on single target actions. It will not work on larger creatures such as game objects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Endless Ki] now adds 2 seconds to the Healing Way tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor] now states that it also affects [Slam]'s Sunder Armor ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam]'s initial damage component is now properly absorbed by [Piercing Howl].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam]'s damage component is now reduced by [Piercing Howl].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam]'s damage component is now reduced by damage-over-time effects (D.O.T.s).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Trollmane Weapon Parts] no longer has a sell value and can no longer be crafted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blacksmith's Wristguards] can now be crafted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Smasher] weapon component is now reduced by D.O.T.s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Rocket Launcher] component is now reduced by D.O.T.s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Goblins can now craft [Windfury Weapon], a duplicate that works with swords. The Windfury Weapon component can be reduced by using [Windfury Oil] instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Iron Fists] component is now reduced by D.O.T.s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ironfang Weapon]'s damage has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ragehammer] has a reduced range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thunderfury Weapon]'s damage has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon]'s damage has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weapon trainers can now teach the appropriate one for the weapon being sought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thorns Weapon]'s damage has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Damage of some weapon abilities has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Some vendors now sell [Ragehammer] parts for less than they used to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ragehammer is now usable by Druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Feral Charge] should no longer break players out of stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Primal Fury] is now usable by Priests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Power Word: Shield] no longer has a max target and is only usable on one target at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] no longer has a max range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Insight] now has a 20 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] now has a 20 yard range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Wisdom] now has a 20 yard range.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RACES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Axe Specialization] is now available at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Gnome}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Gnomes can now learn and equip a [Heavy Claymore].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Gnomes can no longer learn or equip [Claymore of Warding].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blink], [Lightning Bolt], [Lava Burst], and [Chain Lightning] can now be cast while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Simulacrum] is now an epic quest item that requires Exalted status with the Gnome Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Eviscerate] damage has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fire and Brimstone (replaces Blaze of Vengeance) - [Immolate] damage is increased by 100% and generates 1 Insanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Explosive Trap] now has a damage radius of 8 yards (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Mind Control Cap] now has a 45 second cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Insignia of the Alliance]/Horde and [Insignia of the Horde] now have a 3 minute cooldown (was 15 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Insignia of the Frostwolf] now has a 45 second cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mark of the Dragon Consuming] now has a visual effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TORONTO \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Two prominent figures in the Bitcoin community, Charlie Lee and Charlie Liu, have died at the age of 42.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Charlie Lee] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A self-taught programmer by trade, Charlie Lee was tragically killed in a car accident in 2014 while biking through his native South Korea. His death sparked an extensive controversy over the legality of riding through residential streets in his native land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Charlie Liu] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A self-taught journalist, Charlie Liu was tragically killed in a car crash in 2014 while bicycling through his native Hong Kong. His death sparked an extensive controversy over the legality of using bicycles in urban areas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Charlie Lee was known for his outspoken criticism of the Chinese government and outspoken opposition to the Silk Road auction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gavin Andresen] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A self-described "hardcore Bitcoiner" by trade, Gavin Andresen was tragically killed in a mysterious plane crash in Malaysia in 2014. Rumors have since circulated that he may have been involved in the crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sean Thompson] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A journalist, photographer, and actor best known for his work as the voice of Kota the Storm in the Warcraft movie series, Sean Thompson passed away last week. He was 42 years old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Terrence Hudson] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A self-described "geeky legend" who spent most of his career in the gaming industry, Terrence Hudson was tragically killed last week in a plane crash in San Francisco Bay. He was 32 years old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cambridge Astronomer] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A self-described "brilliant young man" who "took astronomy very seriously," Cambridge Astronomer Cambridge was tragically killed last week in a plane crash in Salt Lake City. He was 22 years old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Grizzly Bear] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 A legendary Swiss Army knife, the Grizzly Bear was once owned by the titular character from the film series. Unfortunately, its current owner is none other than the film's creator, Stanley Kubrick. Grizzly Bear is considered by many to be one of the most dangerous knives ever made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Flask of the Legion] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Created by legendary adventurer and gun collector Galgann, the Flask of the Legion is said to be the key to many a man's purse. Unfortunately, since its owner is none other than the film's narrator, we must now assume that Galgann was indeed the main character in the film.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Kilgore Mageblade] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Originally crafted by the legendary Spellbinders of the Western Plaguelands, the Kilgore Mageblade has become a treasured possession for the Alliance. The Alliance has expressed their fondness for the item and wish to keep it for their own use. We, however, are not entirely sure what to make of this particular dispute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Black Dagger of the Ogre Magi] was made by an unknown artist, however, it has since been given to the Horde. We believe this individual to be the true inspiration behind the legendary hooded mace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Red Whelp Moth] was created by a player who fell on hard times back in Northrend, so we're putting that name on it's rightful owner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Another piece of memorabilia from the game, this time for the class known as "Murlocs," has been added to the game. This new item is available through a series of quests and should be in no way related to the "Red Whelp Moth."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * "Chillmaw" has been renamed "Frothing Iron" for obvious reasons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiny Spinning Duplicator] is now a toy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest "Small Business" has been added for characters that want to get their feet wet in Small Business.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest "Small Business" again requires the required items " [Smallberry Balm]" and " [Smallberry Muffin]."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Bowl of Tranquility] now has a maximum rank and price on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [44] The Boat Moved Too Soon" now requires the completion of the " [44] The Boat Moved Too Soon" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [20] The Water's Fine" now requires the completion of the " [20] The Water's Fine" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [20] The Water's Fine" now requires the completion of the " [20] The Boat Moved Too Soon" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [20] The Boat Moved Too Soon" now requires the completion of the " [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chilblains]: The bonus damage from [Blood Plague] should no longer be consumed if the target is already at full health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ebon Plaguebringer]: Immunity to fear generated by this ability no longer triggers when the warlock's pet is pulled too close to the Warlock's corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice]: This talent will no longer trigger when a Warlock takes damage from area-of-effect spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Transcendence]: This talent will no longer trigger when a Warlock's pet is pulled too close to the Warlock's corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Victory]: This talent will now work properly with [Death Coil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Haunt]: This ability will no longer trigger when a Warlock's pet is pulled too close to the Warlock's corpse. In addition, it will not work properly with Shaman [Tranquility] or Warlock [Immolate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Impending Doom]: This talent will now work properly with [Death Coil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]: This ability will no longer trigger from using [Banish] on a target that resists its duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sow the Seeds]: This ability now works properly with [Ritual of Death].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction]: This talent will now trigger properly when a Warlock is afflicted by Corruption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        WARRIOR:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For warriors, we removed several abilities that were redundant, or were temporary cooldowns. We also removed some niche abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aggression] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenger's Shield] is no longer available to Protection warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserker Stance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Berserker's Rage] is no longer available to Protection warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bladestorm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Execute] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [First Blood] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overpower] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager Stance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ravager's Cunning] is no longer available to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Stance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer] is now available only to Arms warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warrior of the Frozen Wastes] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Fury] is now available only to Arms warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrecking Crew] now permanently enrages the target, instead of temporarily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        ABILITY CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ardent Defender] is now available only to Arms warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Anticipation] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Execute] is now available only to Fury warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] is now available only to Feral and Guardian warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Widow Venom] is now available only to Feral and Guardian warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [W}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now, most players are familiar with the name "Sideshow." The Sideshow pet is said to be the most beautiful thing in Azeroth, and its owner, Mr. T, has been compiling a collection of trophies for years. Mr. T has collected more trophies than any other pet owner in Azeroth, and has even compiled a trophy gallery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mr. T has collected more trophies than other pet owners combined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All of the trophies in the trophy gallery have been collected by the Sideshow pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Collecting trophies for Mr. T has been a lifelong hobby for the Kalecgosaur owner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mr. T has collected so many trophies that he has started collecting trophies for all of Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new trophy gallery has been added to the trophy house for use by players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mr. T has collected so many trophies that he has started collecting trophies for each city individually. Mr. T is currently awarded with a new title: "The Locomotive".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mr. T has collected so many trophies that he has started collecting trophies for each city as well. Mr. T is currently awarded with a new title: "The Turnip Trucker".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can earn Mr. T's trophy collection by completing specific trophies. The more trophies Mr. T collects, the faster he will receive his new title "The Locomotive".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "The Turnip Trucker" title, players must have collected at least one trophy for each city. Once Mr. T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "The Turnip Trucker" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "The Locomotive" title, players must have collected at least one trophy for each city. Once Mr. T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "The Locomotive" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "The Stamp Collector's Trophy", players must have collected at least two trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "The Stamp Collector's Trophy".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Gold Seal of the Alliance" title, players must have collected at least three trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Gold Seal of the Horde" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Cataclysm" title, players must have collected at least two trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Blood of the Alliance" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Summoner's Dawn" title, players must have collected at least three trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Gift of the Naaru" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Stormrage" title, players must have collected at least two trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Fist of the Heavens" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Gift of the Naaru" title, players must have collected at least two trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Blood of the Alliance" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To become eligible for the "Stormsong" title, players must have collected at least two trophies for each city. Once Mr T has accumulated five trophies, he will be granted the "Fist of the Four Winds" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The " [Boundless Earth)" set bonus for all Windwalker monks now activates when [Stormstrike] is used instead of [Earthstrike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The " [Boundless Moon]" set bonus for Windwalker monks now activates when [Moonfire] is used instead of [Fire Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The " [Unyielding Sun]" set bonus for Sunseeker monks now activates when [Searing Touch] is used instead of [Touch of Death].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The " [Unyielding Moon]" set bonus for Stormseeker monks now activates when [Stormstrike] is used instead of Touch of Death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Eternal Flame] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Holy: Holy Word: Chastise will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield]: This ability will be restricted to heal-over-time spells only. It will not heal spells that are being cast on the character.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending]: This ability will only work correctly when the Priest is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending]: This ability is now exclusive with [Mind Control]. In addition, it will not work correctly with Mind Flay when the Priest is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowguard]: It is no longer possible to have two rank 3 spell buttons on the same button that had been accidentally left off the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Surge of Light]: [Power Word: Radiance] has a chance to activate this talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Turn Evil]: This talent will now always be removed correctly if a player invokes it while dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch]: This talent will now work correctly with Mind Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: It is no longer possible to have two rank 3 spell buttons on the same button that had been accidentally left off the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: This ability will no longer work on bosses who have two melee attack buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowfiend]: This pet will now come into the game with full health, including that gained from a percentage of its master's stamina. It will also correctly consume the stamina of its master if it is its master's turn-in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: This ability will no longer work on bosses who have two melee attack buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: This ability will no longer work on bosses who have two melee attack buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: This ability will no longer work on bosses who have two melee attack buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils]: This ability will no longer work on bosses who have two melee attack buttons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: This glyph will no longer be triggered by Mind Sear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sanctuary]: This glyph will now be triggered properly by Penance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Siphon Life]: This glyph will now properly modify the tooltip for Siphon Life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Spirit of Redemption]: This glyph will now trigger Penance properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Spirit of War]: This glyph will now properly prevent Penance from breaking early from damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Templar's Zeal]: This glyph will now work properly when a player is silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Templar's Sacrifice]: This glyph will now properly work when a paladin is disarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Tyr's Hand]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by spells before it is learned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Zealotry]: This glyph now works properly when the Paladin is mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Zealotry: This glyph now works properly when the Paladin is silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Penance: This ability does not work properly against bosses that cast Shadow Bolt or Shadow Word: Pain on the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Seal of Freedom: This ability does not work properly against bosses that cast Shadow Bolt or Shadow Word: Pain on the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Command]: Penance does not work properly against bosses that cast Penance on the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Seal of Reckoning: This ability does not work properly against bosses that cast Shadow Bolt or Shadow Word: Pain on the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Penance: This ability does not work properly against bosses that cast Penance on the Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield]: This ability does not work properly against bosses that cast Power Word: Shield on the Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowfiend]: This pet will sometimes be unattackable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Decay] can now be dispelled by healing mana costs (other than Spirit). However, it is now possible to dispell Mana Decay on self using Mana Font.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cerebral Overload] causes Mind Blast and Brain Storm to use up to 4 charges (was 3).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Storm, Earth, and Fire] now generates 20 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Astral Shift] now generates 7 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Magic] now generates 5 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arcane Charge now generates 5 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 7 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles] now generates 1 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 8 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now generates 1 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now generates 2 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 9 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 10 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] now generates 6 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now generates 5 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 8 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 5 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now generates 6 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Torrent] now generates 3 more threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       COMBAT CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        [Blessing of Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Frozen Wastes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone Frenzy] now has a 30-yard range (was 50 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone Shield] has been removed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Forcestone Spirit] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone's Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone's Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone's Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone's Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Forcestone's Might] has been replaced with a new blessing called Might of the Frozen Wastes. Might of the Frozen Wastes allows Might warriors to ignore the damage reduction of Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crossfire] now has 3 charges per rank (was 4).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Crossfire's cooldown has been changed to 15 seconds (was 16 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fortifying Brew] has been replaced with a new talent called Fortifying Elixir. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Fortifying Elixir increases the duration of Fortifying Brew by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fortifying Brew] has been replaced with a new talent called Fortifying Brewmaster. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}