{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran is a large city in southern Dalaran, home to the Kirin Tor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS & RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Lich King}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the course of the next week, we'll be bringing you information on all of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new content added to the game. Keep an eye out for future}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 announcements on when and where to play as well as a full list of changes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shattered Mind] now increases damage done by [Mind Blast] by a flat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    amount, regardless of target number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Flay] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Rip] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Blast] is now available to all classes, but only heals for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    half of the damage done by the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Sear] can now be used on people as well as creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Psychic Scream] no longer interrupts spellcasting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Psychic Scream]: The cooldown for this ability has been reduced to 20}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds, down from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Psychic Scream]: The duration of this effect has been reduced to 9 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shackle Undead] now deals additional damage to undead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain]: The duration of this effect has been reduced to 9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Word: Pain: The range of this spell has been reduced to 90 yards, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 120.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Wave] now deals damage to all enemies in front of the target, not just}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Self Destruct] now deals damage to the target and all enemies behind the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    In addition, the mana cost of this ability has been reduced to 10, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warlock's Shadow] now deals damage to all enemies in front of the target, not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warlord's Challenge]: Demon Spikes is now a flat spell effect, as opposed to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    having a chance to trigger from abilities and effects that deal damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warlord's Challenge]: This challenge is now available to Demon Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    level 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warlord's Challenge]: This challenge is now available to all classes,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    even non-damaging spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Focus]: The cooldown for Shadow Focus has been reduced to 20}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds, down from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain]: The duration of this effect has been reduced to 9 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stormkeeper] no longer increases the damage done by [Wind Shear] or }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Windfury], but now also increases the critical strike chance on Wind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Fury by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: The damage done by this talent has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    compensate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS & RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Sea Diva] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fel Armor], [Fury of Anger] and [Frenzy] now deal 50% damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Presence] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Nova] now deals 50% damage in addition to the base effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Nova: This talent now causes [Shadow Word: Pain] to deal 50}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage per stack of Shadow Word: Pain, instead of 6 stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain]: This talent now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage per stack of Shadow Word: Pain, instead of 6 stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain]: The critical strike chance on all Shadow Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Pain spells has been increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Swap] now only costs [Death Touch] and no longer costs Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Vampiric Touch] no longer costs Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch]'s effect is no longer affected by damage over time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 15 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy]'s critical strike chance has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 15 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy]'s duration has been increased to 5 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blade Barrier] has been removed and replaced with [Blood Frenzy].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now lasts 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 15 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now lasts 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 10 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now lasts 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now lasts 5 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now lasts 5 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All weapon and shield skills have been adjusted to reduce the cooldown of weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cooldowns by 90%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deathcap] (replaces [Breath of Sindragosa])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deathcap]'s periodic damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deathcap]'s mana cost has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fen and Frenzy] (replaces [Frenzy])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] now costs 20 rage (was 20 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Haste] now costs 20 rage (was 15 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved [Frenzy]]: This talent now increases all damage done by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    warrior by 4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor of Battle] (replaces [Improved Fervor of Battle])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor of Battle] now increases melee damage done by the warrior by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Warrior Stance] (replaces [Improved Warrior Stance])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Warrior Stance] now increases melee damage done by the warrior by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Attack] (replaces [Improved Power Attack])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Attack] now increases all damage done by the warrior by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Iron Warplate] (replaces [Iron Warplate])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Iron Warplate now costs 5 rage (was 10 rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Strikes] (replaces [Improved Power Strikes])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Strikes] now increases all damage done by the warrior by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Wagon] (replaces [Improved Power Wagon])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Wagon] now increases all damage done by the warrior by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4% per stack instead of just melee damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Throw] (replaces [Improved Power Throw])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Power Throw] now increases all damage done by the warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW MOUNTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new mounts have been added to all three Battlegrounds. Each mount will allow you to mount three different}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 variant classes: Hunter, Monk and Warrior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hunter Mount}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hunter's signature hunting rifle has been replaced with a tranquilizer dart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monk Mount}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The monk's tranquilizer dart has been replaced with a tranquillizer gas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warrior Mount}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warrior's tranquilizer dart has been replaced with a shockwave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added, "All Along The Watchtower", to the Eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Two new quests have been added to the Eastern Plaguelands, "For The Rest Of Us" and "All The Way".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest is now available from any faction leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest has been removed from the quest "All For The One" and is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    available as a daily quest from the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest has been removed from the quest "All For The One".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest has been removed from the quest "For The Rest Of Us".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "For the Rest Of Us" quest is now available from the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "For The Rest Of Us" quest now awards Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest is now available from the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * For the quest "Gather 'Round the Bar", the faction reward has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      200 Honor, up from 150 Honor. The quest "For the Rest Of Us" has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" quest has been removed from the quest "All For The One".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" and "For the Rest Of Us" quests are now available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      from the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" and "For the Rest Of Us" quests are now available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      from the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" and "For the Rest Of Us" are now available from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Alliance, Horde, and Horde-only groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" and "For the Rest Of Us" are now available from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The "Gather 'Round the Bar" and "For the Rest Of Us" are now available from Horde}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      only groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Battlegrounds now award Honor at the end of the match for a 5-minute}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      flag charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * If a player loses a flag charge in a battleground, the flag is lost for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      the duration of the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Battleground flags are now consumed by the flag charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * If a flag is lost in a battleground, the flag is lost for the duration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      of the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Battleground flags are now consumed by the flag charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Battleground flags are now consumed by the flag charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 25.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 35.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 45.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 50.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 55.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 65.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 75.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost of a flag charge has been reduced to 85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Honor cost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Netherlands}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the duration of the night,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dream of Cenarius] now reduces the cooldown of [Crown of Wisdom] by 15 seconds (up from 10 seconds), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          all other cooldowns on Crown of Wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dream of Discovery] now also causes the druid to gain 5% movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          speed for 10 seconds after activating [Spirit Tap] (down from 15% movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          speed).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is a new passive ability learned by druids at level 15. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frenzy] causes the druid to gain 5% movement speed for 5 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             (down from 10% movement speed).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Gift of the Wild] is a new passive ability learned by druids at level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           20. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Gift of the Wild] causes the druid to gain 5% movement speed for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              5 seconds (down from 10% movement speed).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Mangle] is a new passive ability learned by druids at level 70. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] causes the druid to gain 5% movement speed for 10 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              (down from 10% movement speed).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New talent at level 70: [Nature's Grace] - Increases the strength of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           healing spells and healing spells by 5%, and increases healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           done by healing spells by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Swiftmend]'s healing done has been increased by 100% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Swiftmend] no longer consumes [Frenzy].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Swiftmend] is now available to all druids and now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           5-second cooldown (down from 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Survival Instincts] now heal the druid for 5% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           health of the target over 5 seconds, up from 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Swiftmend]'s heal over time effect has been increased to 25%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of the druid's maximum health, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Wild Growth]'s healing done has been increased by 100% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Whiplash] now deals 25% more damage and causes the target to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            knocked back 5 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Whiplash] is now available to all druids and now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            5-second cooldown (down from 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Whiplash] has been redesigned. The druid's melee damage is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increased by 20%, and healing is increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            The Druid can use [Starfire] or [Starfire] while in [Swiftmend],}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             which heals the target for the same amount of damage done, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mantle of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Veil of the Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World Below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available for Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: "THE MECHANAR" -- BATTLE OF MECHANAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the war continues across the sea, Prince Erazmin and his loyal Mechormasters are making their way to Mecharon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To stop the war, the Mechormasters have sent a squad of Mechwarriors to invade Mecharon and destroy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 all that stands in their path!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even though they are well aware of the Mechromancer threat, the Mechormasters are not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * Mechromancer Mech-Aliens are now immune to Static Shock and will attack their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 target even when they are stunned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC VERSION: RESOLUTION: DRAGON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players who had the "F8" option off could be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 permanently banned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear when they were}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transported to another realm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killing another player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players that were offline or were not in a battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    were still unable to hear their team's team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    dying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC VERSION: RESOLUTION: ZUL'ARRAK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where characters could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could lose the ability to hear after being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players could}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "All that remains is for you to see."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    GENERAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    GENERAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world of Magic: The Gathering was once one where players could find or create the rarest and most powerful gems. However, it has long since fallen behind the times, as the game has grown more and more complex. As a result, the gems that once were found have all but vanished.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With this in mind, we have taken the time to ensure that the gems that once were available to find no longer exist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorefiend's Gratuit] is no longer an elite gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorillazim's Gratuit] is no longer an elite gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon Queen] is no longer an elite gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gravity Crush] now deals 100% weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gravity Well] now deals 100% weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Infinite Power] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Souls]: Cooldown increased to 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon Queen]: Cooldown increased to 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Grimoire of the Dragon Queen: Cooldown increased to 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of the Dragon]: Mana cost lowered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world's most powerful mages have gathered in the center of the world, in the city of Azshara, for a grand confluence of events that have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the potential to change the face of the world forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGISTERS' TERRACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Arcane Sanctum, a new dungeon located in the area west of Magisters Terrace,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is now open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Presence] is now available to all players, regardless of class,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    specialization, or item level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS' TERRACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The damage done by all Paladins has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Intervention] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flash of Light] is now available to all players, regardless of class,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    specialization, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Righteous Fury] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Vengeance] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Wisdom] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Wisdom] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Insight] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    class, or item level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIESTS' TERRACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Fire] now deals 25% more damage to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightwell] now deals 25% more damage to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Power Word: Shield] now deals 25% more damage to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals 25% more damage to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul of the Dragon] now deals 25% more damage to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Volley] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of class,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    specialization, or item level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE CHANGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following changes have been made for each Assassination specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Assassination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carapace Deception] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Insight] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Sting] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Sting] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trap Mastery] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Assassination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carapace Deception] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Insight] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Sting] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Sting] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Subtlety}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Pain] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] is now cast on all party or raid members, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          class, or item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new pet family is now available with the release of Patch 7.1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Three new pet families have been added: (See also: new pets)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Each pet family has a unique look and feel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All pets have a unique set of abilities and abilities, and many}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       new abilities and abilities are planned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All pets have a unique ability called "Mangle", which allows them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       to do damage and stun the target with a flurry of attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets in the new pet families also have a new pet ability called "Taunt",}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       which can be used against all enemies and deals damage based on the pet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       type of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets in the new pet families now have a new pet ability called "Tame",}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       which can be used against all enemies but has a 10% chance to activate an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       new ability on the target every 3 seconds for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now click on items to open them in your inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your backpack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your cloak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your boots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your cloak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now link items in chat with items in your backpack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click an item to bring it into your off-hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have a few new items to drop in the}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * [Vial of the Ancestral Healing] (Mistweaver)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Vial of the Ancient Mana] (Mistweaver)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blossoms of the Moon]: Now grants a flat amount of mana (up from mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dalaran Ironpaw]: This item has been replaced with the [Dalaran Ironhide]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dalaran Ironhide]: This item has been replaced with the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Dalaran Ironhide] (Mistweaver).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mistweaver]: This item has been replaced with the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Mistweaver] (Mistweaver).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune of the Storm]: Now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of the Wild]: This item has been replaced with the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Wild Growth]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike]: Critical strike chance has been increased by 100%. This does not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          apply to critical strikes from other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revenge]: This talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Slam]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Taste for Blood]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] and [Thunderclap]: Cooldown has been increased to 6 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          This effect will now be removed when items are disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unwavering Sentinel]: This talent now increases damage by 100% (was 150%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vindicator's Edge]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord's Challenge]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodlust]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Battle Trance]: This item now grants 2/4/6% mana (instead of 3/6/9% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Bloodthirst]: Cooldown has been increased to 30 seconds (was 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst]: Now also causes [Execute] and [Necrotic Strike] to refresh the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration of the target's current [Shadow Word: Pain] or [Shadow Word: Pain]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst]: Now also causes [Execute] and [Necrotic Strike] to refresh the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration of the target's current Shadow Word: Pain or Shadow Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Pain effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst]: Now also causes [Execute] and [Necrotic Strike] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          refresh the duration of the target's current Shadow Word: Pain or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Shadow Word: Pain effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst]: Now also causes [Execute] and [Necrotic Strike] to refresh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the duration of the target's current Shadow Word: Pain or Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Word: Pain effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloodthirst]: Now also causes [Execute] and [Necrotic Strike] to refresh the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is an Open-Ended, Non-Recurring, Quest-Driven, and Quest-Based Quest, with a core group of characters that you'll build into your party, guild, or any other group. Level 1 characters start out at level 10. Level 2 through 5 characters level up to level 20, and level 6 through 8 become level 30. Level 9 through 12 become level 40, and level 13 through 16 become level 50.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're planning on adding new quests in future patches, and new rewards in future patches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a quest-driven, non-reinforced class questing experience, with a core group of characters that you'll build into your party, guild, or any other group. Level 1 characters start out at level 10. Level 2 through 5 characters level up to level 20, and level 6 through 8 become level 30. Level 9 through 12 become level 40, and level 13 through 16 become level 50. Level 9 through 13 become level 30, and level 10 through 12 become level 40. Level 10 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 11 through 14 becomes level 30, and level 10 through 12 becomes level 40. Level 10 through 12 becomes level 30, and level 11 through 14 becomes level 30, and level 11 through 14 becomes level 30. Level 10 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 11 through 14 becomes level 30, and level 10 through 12 becomes level 40. Level 11 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 15 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 15 becomes level 20. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 30, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 15 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 11 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 20. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 20, and level 12 through 16 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 20. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 20. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 11 becomes level 20. Level 12 through 12 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 13 becomes level 30. Level 12 through 14 becomes level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new quest is now available for players in Dalaran, the capital of the Kirin Tor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    This new quest will allow players to travel to the Kirin Tor and begin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    their journey toward becoming a member of the Kirin Tor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please note that the requirements for the new quest are: [1] Kirin Tor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Coin, [2] Kirin Tor Commodities, and [3] Kirin Tor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Food and Beverages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kirin Tor Food and Beverages]: This new quest will allow players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purchase the Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kirin Tor Commodities]: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kirin Tor Food and Beverages]: There is now a 1-minute buff that will prevent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    certain attacks from being parried for the duration of the buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kirin Tor Commodities]: There is now a 1-minute buff that will prevent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    certain attacks from being parried for the duration of the buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages]: This new quest will allow players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purchase the Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages]: This new quest will allow players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purchase the Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [New Kirin Tor Commodities]: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Commodities: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Commodities: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Commodities: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Commodities: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Commodities: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Commodities as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Kirin Tor Food and Beverages: This new quest will allow players to purchase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kirin Tor Food and Beverages as a faction drop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mannoroth]'s Might and Might's Might have been reduced by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ragnaros's Might and Might have been reduced by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ragnaros's Might and Might have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HANGING ROOM:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hang out with your guild and other likeminded individuals in the most dangerous part of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds will have their own private chat window, which you can only see when you're in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 combat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the war in Pandaria over, the Horde and Alliance have gathered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 together to form the Warfront, a new front in the war for Azeroth's destiny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new front that is being fought by all of the Alliance and Horde factions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LIVE EVENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take part in a variety of activities and activities around the world that will aid you in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completing the new Quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war for Azeroth's destiny has come to a head, and the Alliance and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Horde have formed the Warfront to confront the remaining remaining}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 legacy of the Horde.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There has been a resurgence of activity in the Warfront, starting with a fresh batch of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new quests, daily quests, and daily quests that will take you to the battleground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warfront is now open, and you are now eligible to participate in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new Raid, Halls of Stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halls of Stone is an all-new raid for level-85 characters that will allow you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take part in a unique scenario: take part in the epic battle between}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Horde and the Alliance in the heart of the Warfront.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE WONDERFUL TEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the course of three months, Malfurion, Garithos, and the rest of the Warfront, have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completed the construction of the incredible Crystal Tower. But now the final}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 steps have been taken, and the Crystal Tower has begun to take shape.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Crystal Tower is a massive structure that will house the Crystal Core, the heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Crystal Tower. Malfurion and Garithos have already constructed a massive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 army of Crystal Core Guards to defend the Crystal Tower, but they've also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completed the Crystal Core research center, and now that the Crystal Core}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 experiment has been completed, the Crystal Tower is now ready to be used for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 real.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enter the Crystal Tower to face three new boss encounters in an all-new raid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 including a boss who might not be your typical boss!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Crystal Core is a mysterious place in the heart of the Crystal Tower. Malfurion,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garithos, and their allies have been investigating it ever since the war began,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and have never stopped. They have been searching for answers, but they haven't found}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them yet. This new raid will take you to the Crystal Core, where you'll face a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 boss, face new and more challenging enemies, and more exciting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 story-related rewards than you've ever seen before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY: DUNGEON: SOUTH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warfront is now open and you are eligible to participate in the new Raid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halls of Stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halls of Stone is a new raid for level-85 characters that will allow you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take part in the epic battle between the Alliance and the Horde in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 heart of the Crystal Tower. It's your chance to get your hands on a powerful new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 powerful crystal, and to fight against a mighty new enemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enter the Crystal Tower to face three new boss encounters in an all-new raid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 including a boss who might not be your typical boss!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Crystal Core is a mysterious place in the heart of the Crystal Tower. Malfurion,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garithos, and their allies have been investigating it ever since the war began,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and have never stopped. They have been searching for answers, but they haven't found}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them yet. This new raid will take you to the Crystal Core, where you'll face a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 boss, face new and more challenging enemies, and more exciting story-related rewards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that you've ever seen before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY: DUNGEON: RAIL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warfront is now open and you are eligible to participate in the new Raid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halls of Stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halls of Stone is a new raid for level-85 characters that will allow you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take part in the epic battle between the Alliance and the Horde in the heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Crystal Tower. It's your chance to get your hands on a powerful new powerful crystal,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and to fight against a mighty new enemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enter the Crystal Tower to face three new boss encounters in an all-new raid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 including a boss who might not be your typical boss!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Crystal Core is a mysterious place in the heart}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chakra] no longer causes the target to be stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Chakra of the Earth] now causes the target to be stunned instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra of Light] now causes the target to be stunned instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The visual effect for [Banish] has been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The visual effect for [Guardian Spirit] has been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Halo] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Icy Veins] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Light of Dawn] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Magister's Stone] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Flay] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Shock] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Sear] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] is now usable on targets in addition to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Spike] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe]'s duration has been increased to 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (up from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Spike] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Flay]'s duration has been increased to 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (up from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Spike] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe]'s duration has been increased to 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (up from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Spike] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Soothe] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vamp] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Vision] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for Mind Vamp has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for Mind Soothe has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Mind Spike] is now usable on targets in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COOKING: [Gift of the Wild] now also provides a 50-yard melee range, and a stamina increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Acid Trap] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aimed Shot] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blind] now also causes ranged attack power to heal the hunter for 5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chimaeron's Tooth] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Crackling Thunder] (Ascendance) cooldown increased to 60 seconds (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Envenom]'s healing reduction has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] now grants 5/10% of the hunter's endurance every time it deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage, up from 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunter's Mark] is now a passive ability, replacing [Improved Hunter's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hunter's Shot] now increases your critical strike chance by 5/10%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    up from 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hunter's Shot] will no longer trigger from killing players in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Hunter's Shot: Now increases your critical strike damage by 5/10% for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3 seconds, and increases your damage done to enemies below 50% health by 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] and [Kill Command] will no longer trigger Hunter's Mark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] no longer costs energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command]'s periodic healing has been increased to 20% of mana (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hunter's Shot] now increases your damage done by 5/10%, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hunter's Shot] now also increases your damage done to enemies below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    50% health by 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command]'s damage reduction has been increased to 90% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command]'s periodic healing has been increased to 20% of mana (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now also increases your damage done by 5/10%, up from 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now also increases your damage done to enemies below 50%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    health by 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command] now also increases your damage done to enemies below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    50% health by 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability no longer has a base energy cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kill Shot: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kill Shot: The damage done by this ability is now considered ranged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power damage, instead of melee critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Shot]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gurubashi Helm] is no longer disenchantable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Vengeful Gladiator's Gauntlets] have been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Bloodthirster's Gauntlets] have been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Bloodthirster's Gauntlets] no longer have a minimum level requirement,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    however they do now require a Stamina or Intellect to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Deathgorge Helm] has been redesigned. It now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    more streamlined appearance and is no longer disenchantable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm] has been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Kodo's Horn of the North] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Kodo's Horn of the North] now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Noggenfogger's Follyhilt] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm] should now properly display the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    appropriate amount of Stamina and Intellect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gordok Ironplate Helm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Dread Lord Plate Mail Helm now requires a Stamina or Intellect to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire and Brimstone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire and Brimstone turns 20!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the Fire and Brimstone quest line complete, you can now turn in the [Molten Core] to the Flame Legion at any Firestones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  WORLD ENVIRONMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  NEW WORLD EVENT: CASTLE OF THE XINHARU}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  NEW QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New epic quest, " The End," is now available.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: HELLFIRE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Raid Finder }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Some raid finishers have been adjusted to prevent them from being too easily}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       bypassed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where players could be killed by more than one player at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New boss, "The Black Dragon," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New raid, "Molten Core," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The End," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New dungeon, "The Heart of Azeroth," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New dungeon, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "All Roads," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Secret of the Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Secret of Mending," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Secret of Mending," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Secret of Mending," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "All Roads," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Unstoppable Force," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Focusing Stone," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Unstoppable Force," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Unholy Force," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Shadow of Azshara," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Shadow of Azshara," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Shadow of the Colossus," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Shadow of the Colossus," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Blood of the North," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "Blood of the North," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Shadow of the Colossus," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Shadow of the Colossus," is now available. * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Shadow of the Colossus is now available to players of level 110 and over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       with a minimum level of 110.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This quest is only available to players of level 110 and over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All new raid, "Blood of the North," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All new quest, "Unholy Force," is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New quest, "The Shadow of Azshara}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strike Power] now stacks up to 3 times}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (was 4).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Taste for Blood] now also causes [Benediction] to heal the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5% of the damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Discipline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Banish] no longer costs mana, and no longer has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Word: Sanctuary] now heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         their maximum health, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Word: Defender] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Word: Salvation] now heals the target for 2.5% of their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          maximum health, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Word: Salvation] now costs no mana and heals the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          2.5% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] no longer costs mana, and no longer has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] no longer costs mana, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Atonement] no longer costs mana, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now heals the target for 2.5% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health, and no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now heals the target for 2.5% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now heals the target for 2.5% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now costs no mana, and heals the target for 2.5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] is now available to Holy and Shadow priests at level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Dire Bear Form] now also increases your damage with all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Power] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will] now also increases your damage with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks by 20% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Force of Nature]'s damage has been increased by approximately 6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy]'s damage has been increased by approximately 6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Maelstrom Weapon]'s damage has been increased by approximately 6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Swiftness] now makes your next melee attack free and deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Grasp] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Swiftness] now also makes your next melee attack free and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    deal damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Noxious Stings] now have a new spell effect for [Poisoned Arrows].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Omen of Clarity] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Poisoned Arrows] now have a new spell effect for [Poisoned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Arrows].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Piercing Shot] now has a new spell effect for [Piercing Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rake] now has a new spell effect for [Rake].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shattered Defenses] can no longer be triggered by area damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Defense] now costs 25 rage (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Attunement] has returned to Naxxramas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Attunement] now also increases your damage with all spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    8% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Attunement] now also increases your damage with all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells by 8% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Attunement] now also increases your damage with all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] can no longer be triggered by area damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tougher than the Rest] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Throwing Specialization] now increases your damage with all spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] now costs 10 rage (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon]'s damage has been increased by approximately 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Whirlwind] now has a new spell effect for [Whirlwind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Whirlwind] now has a new spell effect for [Whirlwind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] now costs 20 rage (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] now costs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'The world of magic' is now open to you, and it's time to start exploring it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The portals to the new zone, Blackwing Lair, have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       opened. Head to the portal in the middle of the map and jump to enter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       new zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New magic spells have been added to the world. Check out the list below for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       information on what you can learn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New items have been added to the world, including the new helm of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Monk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New rare books, including some of the new best-selling magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       school books, have been added to the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New loot has been added to the world. New quality items have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       added to the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The portals to Blackwing Lair will now only allow players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       enter the zone at night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Creatures in Blackwing Lair will no longer attack players who enter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       zone at night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can no longer turn in their pets to NPCs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quests have been added to the Dragonmaw Hold, to the north of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Dragonmaw Hold, and to the south of Dragonmaw Hold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dragon's Fury] and [Dragon's Roar] are now available to players in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New epic item bonuses and [Vampiric Touch] have been added to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       various World Quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quests have been added to the Blackwing Lair zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon and raid rewards have been added to the Blackwing Lair}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quests have been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New daily quest has been added to the Blackwing Lair daily quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Presence] - When this aura is activated, no damage to the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Presence] - The aura from this ability will not activate if the target isn't}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damaged by any means.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Presence] - When this aura is activated, no damage to the target is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Balance] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Feral Charge] - This ability now has a chance to trigger a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    chance to be triggered when the Druid reaches full health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Feral Swiftness] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to remain active even if the aura is removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Healing Touch] - This talent now also causes Blood Presence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to remain active even if the aura is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Battle of Mount Hyjal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          has come to a close and the armies of the Alliance and the Horde have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dispersed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest reward for completing the quest " The Battle of Mount Hyjal " has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been increased in level from 10 to 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest reward for completing the quest " The Battle of Mount Hyjal " has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    decreased in level from 20 to 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest reward for " The Battle of Mount Hyjal " has been increased in level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 10 to 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest reward for " The Battle of Mount Hyjal " has been decreased in level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 20 to 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Battle of Mount Hyjal }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * A new achievement has been added for " Mount Hyjal Assault ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mount Hyjal Assault is a new achievement for completing the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         "Mount Hyjal" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " The Battle of Mount Hyjal" now offers a reward for completing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the "Battle of Mount Hyjal" quest chain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " The Battle of Mount Hyjal" now offers a reward for completing the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    "Battle of Mount Hyjal" quest chain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mount Hyjal Camp has been placed back in the zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mount Hyjal Camp is now available to characters level 60 and above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       This means players can now complete the Mount Hyjal quest chain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       while leveling up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battle of the Bulwark }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now freely explore Mount Hyjal Camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now freely explore Mount Hyjal Camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Characters that have completed the quest " The Battle of Mount Hyjal" now have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    access to the Mount Hyjal faction vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance and the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance and the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new hairstyle has been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New hairstyles have been added for the Alliance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragonmaw Clan in the Eastern Kingdoms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the most powerful and powerful clans in the world, the Dragonmaw, may have changed hands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the past year, the Dragonmaw have had their territory broken into two}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provinces, one in the Eastern Kingdoms and one in the Western Kingdoms,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and it is believed that the Dragonmaw have moved underground into the Eastern}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Kingdoms to avoid any danger to their clans. These new provinces will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provide a stable base for the Dragonmaw to launch off against the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    enemies of the clan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid, "Defiler of Souls"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * A new raid is now available in the Eastern Kingdoms to players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      who have completed the story mission "Dragon Soul". The Defiler of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Souls raid introduces players to an all-new faction with new raid content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * "Defiler of Souls" will open with an overview of the new region, where players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         will take part in the Defiler of Souls questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Players will be able to choose from a variety of different play styles with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Defiler of Souls raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Defiler of Souls raid will be available in Normal difficulty and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Heroic difficulty from June 30, 2013.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Normal difficulty features a 10-player version of the Defiler of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Souls instance, followed by a 10-player version of the Defiler of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Souls quest, and a 5-player version of the Defiler of Souls encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Heroic difficulty features a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         instance, followed by a 5-player version of the Defiler of Souls quest, and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         5-player version of the Defiler of Souls encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Players will be able to choose to solo queue for or join a raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid, "Mortal Coil"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * A new Raid, "Mortal Coil", will open with an overview of the new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      region, where players will take part in the Mortal Coil questline. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      new Raid will be available in Normal difficulty from June 30, 2013.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid, "Defiler of Souls"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * A new Raid, "Defiler of Souls", will open with an overview of the new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      region, where players will take part in the Defiler of Souls questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      players will face off against an all-new faction with new raid content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Defiler of Souls raid will be available in Normal difficulty and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Heroic difficulty from June 30, 2013.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Normal difficulty features a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         instance, followed by a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls quest,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         and a 5-player version of the Defiler of Souls encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Heroic difficulty features a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         instance, followed by a 5-player version of the Defiler of Souls quest,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          and a 5-player version of the Defiler of Souls encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Players will be able to choose to solo queue for or join a raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Players will be able to earn reputation with the Defiler of Souls}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          faction by completing the Defiler of Souls questline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Defiler of Souls raid will be available in Normal difficulty and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Heroic difficulty from June 30, 2013.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Normal difficulty features a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instance, followed by a 10-player version of the Defiler of Souls quest,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dwarf Warriors are the most vicious warriors in all of Azeroth, and their ferocity makes them formidable opponents when they clash with other warriors of their kind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dwarf Warriors deal damage in all types, but can deal damage based on their special attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunder Clap] deals damage based on the warrior's special attack power, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       is only available to all warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blood Frenzy] and [Blood Frenzy] are available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Taste for Blood] are available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Riposte] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mocking Blow] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Piercing Shot] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Riposte] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy] is available only to warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Throwing Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy] is now a passive ability, meaning that it can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       triggered by melee attacks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is now a 20-point passive ability, meaning that it can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggered by ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is now a 20-point ability, meaning that it can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggered by melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is now a passive ability, meaning that it can only be triggered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Frenzy] is now a 20-point ability, meaning that it can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggered by melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fear] no longer has a duration. It now has a chance to be triggered by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          melee attacks as well as ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost] now deals damage instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Strike] now deals damage instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbite] now deals damage instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might]'s duration has been reduced to 5 seconds, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] now deals less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wreath of the Damned] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra] is now available only to death knights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Block] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Slam] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Slam]'s duration has been reduced to 5 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aegis of Justice] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Frenzy] now deals damage instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is now a 20-point ability, meaning that it can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggered by melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzy] is now a 20-point ability, meaning that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Fireball]: [Flametongue Weapon] damage increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Flame Shock]: Now also causes the target to take 5% more damage from your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand]: This effect has been renamed to [Icebrand] and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostbrand when it ends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: The Frostfire Bolt cast by your Frostbolt ability now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand]: This talent now makes your next [Frostbolt] instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Frostbolt] now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       consumed by Frostbrand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This talent now grants 6 Runic Power to your next [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Nova], which has a chance to trigger Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This talent now gives 6 Runic Power to your next [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       and has a chance to trigger Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Strike]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand]: This talent now grants 6 Runic Power to your next [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Nova], which has a chance to trigger Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Froststrike]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       is consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Nova]: This ability is now considered an instant cast spell, and is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       consumed by Frostfire Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Now costs 25 Runic Power, but is no longer consumed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by Frost Nova Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Fingers]: This talent now grants 6 Runic Power to your next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Fingers of Frost, which has a chance to trigger Fingers of Frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mage Defense]: Now reduces damage taken by the target by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Molten Core]: Cooldown reduction increased to 30% (was 25%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage reduction increased to 90% (was 50%), and mana cost reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       to 35% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The World's End] is a new raid dungeon that will be added to the game in Patch 4.3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Presence] has returned and is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mage Armor] has returned and is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Molten Core] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul of the Forest] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowfiend] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Swap] has returned and is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spirit Tap] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunderstrike] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Zul'saltar] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Zul'sharah] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Concussive Barrage] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Molten Core] now increases the critical strike chance of Molten Core by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           3/6/9/12/15%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Improved Molten Core] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Improved Molten Core] now increases Molten Core's damage done by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            1/2/3/4/5%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Flametongue Weapon] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Molten Core] now increases Molten Core's damage done by 2/4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           or 5%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ritual of Summoning] has been redesigned. Instead of summoning a random}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Molten Core, it will now be a guaranteed Molten Core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ritual of Summoning] now increases Molten Core's damage done by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           1/2/3/4/5%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Molten Core] is now available to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Molten Core] now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by 1/2/3/4/5%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ritual of Summoning] has been redesigned. Instead of summoning a random}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Molten Core, it will now be a guaranteed Molten Core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ritual of Summoning] now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by 1/2/3/4/5%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Molten Core] now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 2/4/6/8/10%, and now increases Molten Core's damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ritual of Summoning] has been redesigned. Instead of summoning a random}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new achievement has been added for completing the quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" in Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This achievement is now available from the quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" instead of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the daily quest " [125] The Gathering."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This achievement is now available from the quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the daily quest " [125] The Gathering."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Divine Intervention] achievement has been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of quest items have been adjusted to have a more clear identification}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of their effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Divine Intervention] achievement has been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of quest items have been adjusted to have a more clear identification of their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Gathering Storm] now rewards extra Honor if you have defeated Kael'thas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards extra Honor if you have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Kael'thas and Princess Huhuran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [125] The Gathering Storm" now rewards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This is a non-compulsory quest. If you don't have the [Atonement], you don't have the [Atonement]." \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gwyn, Priestess of the Wind}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Atonement was a raid reward that was required for completion of the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contents show]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Official description Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a non-compulsory quest. If you don't have the [Atonement], you don't have the [Atonement].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Official introduction Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the final act of the quest, the final encounter for the first part of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Atonement, and the final boss of the event. If you do not have the [Atonement], you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 don't have the [Atonement]. If you do not want to play through this final}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 act of the quest, you can abandon the quest at any time by speaking with Gwyn, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Priestess of the Wind in the Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Official log Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "After the war, many of the dwarves became refugees, and Gwyn was one of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them. Gwyn gave the dwarves a special dispensation to help them find a new home in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 their new homeland. Some time later, Gwyn left the realm, and the dwarves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replaced her cry for help with their own."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Official rewards Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The [Atonement of the Deep] was a quest reward that was required for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completion of the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Version history Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Atonement of the Deep was changed to make it more palatable for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players of all skill levels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP system changes Edit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The [PVP] system has undergone several changes. First, the [Warlord of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft] ability, [Bloodseeker], has been replaced with a new ability,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Warlord's Challenge], which is a direct damage ability on the target. This ability has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    chance to stun the target. There has also been a change to the way the system}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    calculates item level. Currently, the system uses a formula that takes into account the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    relative level of the items that will be used against the target. This means that players will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    receive a lower level item against an item level below their target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maximum level. This change will allow each item to be used against a different}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    target until the target's level is too low to use it. The system now accounts for a target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    relative level. When a target's relative level is too low, the system will use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    less powerful item against them (such as a level 50 item), and when their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    relative level is high, the system will use a higher level item against them (such as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a level 70 item). In addition, the "weapon affinity" system has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    changed. Weapon affinity refers to the strength and stamina of items that are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    created by a weapon, rather than the strength and speed of items created by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    magic. This system now takes into account the relative levels of the targets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    against whom a weapon is used, as well as the target's own strength. When a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon is used against a target who has weapon affinity, it will be converted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to the appropriate weapon type for that weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The [Warlord of World of Warcraft] ability will now always increase the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        strength of the target's melee attacks against the target by 5%, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of the target's armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Bloodseeker] ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Warlord's Challenge] ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Piercing Shot] ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * All other ranged attacks will work on the target even if the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ranged attacks do not have a chance to hit the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Wyvern Sting] and [Dire Bear Form] are now available in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the combat specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Gift of the Wild] is now available in all combat specializations,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         including combat in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Cobra Shot] and [Growl] can now be used on the full range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The [Gift of the Wild]: The range of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mace Specialization]: This ability no longer triggers from the user's melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      *  [Power Infusion]: This ability now works on all damage done by the user,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        including critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Slam]: This ability now works on all damage done by the user,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       including critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield]: This ability no longer triggers from the user's melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shattering Throw]: The duration of stun effects is now reduced by 50%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       but has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swiftblade's Cunning]: This ability now works on all damage done by the user,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       including critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot]: Tooltip updated to indicate the damage bonus is only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       triggered by critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vicious Strikes]: The critical strike chance bonus has been increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vitality]: This ability now works on all damage done by the user,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       including critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warlord's Challenge]: This trinket is now available to all warriors, and does}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       less damage per hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind]: The critical strike chance bonus has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Berserker Training]: Now increases stamina by 15% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Berserker Stance]: Now increases stamina by 15% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Berserker's Might]: Now increases stamina by 15% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Cold Snap]: Cooldown reduced to 7 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Cold Snap]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by 5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by 5% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by 5% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            5% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            5% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Fingers of Frost]: This talent now causes Frost Strike to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            generate 5 Frost Fever (was 10).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             5% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frozen Power]: Now reduces damage taken below 35% health by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Strike]: Now deals 25% more damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /r/KoreanWarGaming}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you're not familiar with Korean War Gaming, feel free to visit our}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wiki.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CONTACT US}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you have any questions for the mods of /r/KoreanWarGaming, feel free to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 drop us a line!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.S. If you're in the US and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.P.S. If you're in the EU and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *   [Report a Bug] button: http://i.imgur.com/QM4H2nS.png}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Report a User Infraction] button: http://i.imgur.com/wOjU0LH.png}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Report Abuse] button: http://i.imgur.com/qM4H2nS.png}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Report Abuse] button: http://i.imgur.com/qM4H2nS.png}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * If you're not familiar with the Reporting Abuse feature, please visit our}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wiki.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.P.S. If you're in the EU and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.P.P.S. If you're in the US and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Report Abuse] button: http://i.imgur.com/qM4H2nS.png}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.P.S. If you're in the EU and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.P.S. If you're in the US and would like to report a bug, please click here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [90] The Hero's Guide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New quest available in Zul'Gurub. Players who have completed "The Hero's Guide" will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       receive a special quest reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Hero's Guide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [85] The Hero's Guide will now reward players who have completed "The Hero's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Guide" the first time they are contacted by a Garroshar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [85] The Hero's Guide will now reward players who have completed "The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Hero's Guide" the first time they are contacted by a Garroshar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Hero's Guide now awards players who have completed "The Hero's Guide" the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          first time they are contacted by the Garroshar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players who have not completed "The Hero's Guide" will now be referred}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to the "Gathering Storm" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Zul'Gurub and Thunder Bluff are now open and ready to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          open up trading goods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Garrosh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Dire Bear Form] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Dire Bear Form] no longer reduces mana cost, but now also has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           a chance to reduce the cooldown of Earthbind by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Dire Bear Form]: Cooldown reduction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Dire Bear Form] no longer reduces the cooldown of Earthbind,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            but now also has a chance to reduce the cooldown of Healing Stream by 10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Elemental Fury] effect increased to 45% of spell power (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Elemental Blast] cooldown reduced to 2 minutes (was 2.5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Flame Shock]: Duration of Earthbind increased to 15 seconds (was 10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Searing Totem]: Damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Spirit Tap]: The spell power gain from Spirit Tap has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            reduced to 30% of spell power (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Spiritual Insight]: The bonus healing from Spirit Tap has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Spiritual Mastery]: The bonus healing from Spirit Tap has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Stormstrike]: Casting time and mana costs removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Stormstrike]: Cooldown reduced to 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ABILITY PRUNING AND CONSOLIDATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [ABILITY PRUNING] has been replaced with a new system for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         class abilities. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Atonement] is now a passive ability for healers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Atonement increases the healing and mana regeneration of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               the target, and causes the target to heal for 25% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The amount healed is based on the strength of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few days ago, Blizzard Entertainment announced that all World of Warcraft items would be usable in the new in-game marketplace, which would allow players to sell any item that they'd like. In order to sell those items, players would need to have the necessary items in your inventory, along with 3,000 gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: ETERNAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Knight] Fel Armor will now correctly increase the critical strike chance of your Blood Plague abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now applies to all Shadow Bolt spells, not just Shadow Bolt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] no longer works with [Shadow Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now applies to all Shadow Bolt spells, not just Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now applies to all Shadow Bolt spells, not just Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now applies to all Shadow Bolt spells, not just Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] no longer works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now applies to all Shadow Bolt spells, not just Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] no longer works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] now works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer replaces Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer needs to be cast on the target to apply Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] now works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer replaces Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Bolt can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Bolt can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Bolt can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Bolt can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Bolt can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] no longer works with Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: ETERNAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Portal] now lasts for 7 seconds while in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Void] now lasts for 7 seconds while in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deadmines] now lasts for 7 seconds while in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Devastate] now lasts for 7 seconds while in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue Weapon] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Shock] damage has been increased by 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] no longer works with [Vampiric Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Shock] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast on your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] can now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level-90 quests have been added to the Broken Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players who have completed the quests "Sundering of the Ancients", "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       " and " [68] A New Dawn" will receive a new [Heart of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Foul].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Broken Shore has received a complete makeover. A new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       marketplace, a new quest hub and a new graveyard have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several items and rewards have been added to the Broken Shore, including}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the new [Horn of the Dawn], a new [Greater Shield of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Dawn], a new [Greater Shield of the Dawn], and the [Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Soulstone].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several items and rewards have been added to the Broken Shore, including}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the new [Dark Soul Stone], a new [Dark Soul Gem], and the [Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Soul Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several items and rewards have been added to the Broken Shore, including}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the new [Dark Soul Gem], the [Dark Soul Shield], and the [Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Soul Stone].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Soulstones available from the Broken Shore will only be available to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       player who completes the Broken Shore daily quests, and the soulstones}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       will only be available to the player who completes the Broken}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shore daily quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Soulstones will no longer be available to the player who does not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       complete the Broken Shore daily quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Broken Shore daily quests are now available in all major cities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level-90 daily quest " [68] A New Dawn" (Completion) and " [68] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       A New Dawn" (Honor) now reward [Valor Points] and [Golden Relics].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dark Soulstone] no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dark Soul Gem] no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dark Soul Stone] no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Dark Soul Gem no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dark Soul Shield]'s effect has been improved to reduce the cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Soul Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Dark Soulstone] no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Dark Soul Shield no longer requires the Dark Soul gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Dark Soul Gem now only requires the Dark Soul Stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following new achievements have been added:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Dark Soul" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Vampiric Touch" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Shadowburn" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Barkskin" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Dark Soul" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Vampiric Touch" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Shadowburn" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Barkskin" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Dark Soul" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completed the new Broken Shore questline for the "Vampiric Touch" title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Raid Itemization}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * As a result of significant changes to Raid Itemization, the following changes have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       been made. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of the Dawn] should now be a guaranteed drop for both Normal and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Heroic difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Fury] should now be a guaranteed drop for both Normal and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Heroic difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Blood Pact] and [Blood Pact of the Legion] have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Blood Pact of the Legion] has been replaced with the new Seal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " [Shamanism] is a core tenet of our class, and we're proud of the wide variety of Shamanic styles and abilities across all classes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * " [Focused Will] is now available to all Shaman, and increases the critical strike chance of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     [Mind Flay] and [Mind Sear] by 100% (up from 50%). Additionally, Focus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Power is now available to all Shaman, and increases the critical strike chance of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     [Mind Blast] and [Mind Spike] by 100% (up from 50%). Additionally, the ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      to cast [Mind Blast] while in [Shadowform] is now available."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * " [Tremor Totem] Totem has been redesigned. It now replaces Earthquake for all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Earth Shock and Elemental Shock shaman, and [Shamanistic Rage] is replaced with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Elemental Fury]."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * " [Curse of the Elements] is now available to all warriors, and causes a critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      strike to trigger an additional 4% of the warrior's Strength. In addition, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ability to cast [Corruption] while in [Shadowform] is now available."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * " [Blood Frenzy] is now available to all warriors, and causes a critical strike to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       trigger an additional 4% of the warrior's Strength. In addition, the ability to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cast [Corruption] while in [Shadowform] is now available."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * " [Revenge] is now available to all warriors, and causes a critical strike to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       trigger an additional 4% of the warrior's Strength. In addition, the ability to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cast [Corruption] while in [Shadowform] is now available."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience has been adjusted to rewards more frequently from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       victories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience has been adjusted to rewards more frequently from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       losses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more honor and experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more honor and experience at higher end game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more experience at normal game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience has been adjusted to rewards more frequently from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       victories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience has been adjusted to rewards more experience at higher}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       end game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more experience at normal game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more experience at high end game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience has been adjusted to rewards more frequently from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       victories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more experience at normal game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground experience now rewards more experience at high end game difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] cooldown reduced to 9 seconds (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10 seconds), and total damage done increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Icebound Fortitude] now grants 1 rage (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rushing Winter] now grants 1 rage (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Cleave] damage increased by 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Presence] now increases the damage of [Mind Flay] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           ability use by 10% (was 10%), and increases the damage of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [Frost Bolt] by 30% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Pulse] damage increased by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Wisdom] has been removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Wowpedia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The World of Warcraft" redirects here. For the main article, see The World of Warcraft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to the World of Warcraft!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to the World of Warcraft, where you'll find the world's greatest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dungeons and raids.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to the World of Warcraft!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [68] This is the World of Warcraft}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [69] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [70] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [71] The Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [72] The Great Escape}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [73] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [74] Deeps of the North}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [75] The Broken Shore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [76] Ulduar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [77] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [78] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [79] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [80] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [81] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [82] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [83] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [84] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [85] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [86] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [87] The Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [88] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [89] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [90] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [91] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [92] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [93] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [94] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [95] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [96] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [97] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [98] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [99] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [100] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [101] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [102] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [103] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [104] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [105] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [106] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [107] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [108] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [109] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [110] The Black Portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [111] The Lost City of the Tol'vir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [112] Halls of Stone}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [113] The Dark Portal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the place to meet new people and meet new characters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're thrilled to announce that the weekly Battleground quests in Strangleth and Zul'Gurub are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 complete. You can now see the completed Battleground quests in the Strangleth and Zul'Gurub }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 combat log.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now complete the daily quest " [130] Triumph in Ruins" to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 receive [Horde Relics] and [Honor Among Thieves].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now complete the daily quest " [130] Triumph in Ruins" to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 receive [Honor Among Thieves].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final boss of the 10-player Heroic version of this dungeon is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 now available, and it's a fearsome prospect: Thrallus the Bloodrager.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEON: HALLUCINATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now complete the quest " [130] End Times" to obtain the [Maiden's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eternal Reward] and [Maiden's Reward].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEON: RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now complete the quest " [130] The End of All Things" to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 receive the [Black Heart].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Frost Presence]'s cooldown has been reduced to 5 minutes, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    duration has been extended to 10 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Shadowfiend]'s shadow pet ability now correctly ignores damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    time effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Dark Soul]'s shadow pet ability now correctly ignores damage over time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you cast [Soul Link] while you're in combat, you will now receive the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    appropriate damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Stormshroud] spell now deals additional damage to targets above}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    70% health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thunderstorm] spell now deals additional damage to targets above 70%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can no longer obtain the [Blood Pact] from a [Gift of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Moon] that you do not know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Shattered Soul] talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Soul Link] spell now deals additional damage to targets above}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    70%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      *  [Sudden Death] now causes the next [Sudden Doom] to also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         cause a critical strike, and the damage from the initial Sudden}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Doom can no longer exceed 5% of the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Sudden Doom] now applies its damage over time effect on the next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Sudden Doom, and the damage from the initial Sudden Doom can no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         longer exceed 5% of the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rapid Decay] is now [Glyph of Rapid Decay] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was [Glyph of Rapid Decay]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rapid Decay] now increases the duration of Rapid Death and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Death Strike by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rapid Decay] now applies the damage over time effect on the next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Sudden Death to all death and critical strikes. The damage from the initial Sudden}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Death can no longer exceed 5% of the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rapid Decay] now also increases the duration of Death Strike by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Death Strike] now grants a chance to critically hit for Death Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       This chance will increase by 5% to 10% per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Reaping] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rapid Rejuvenation] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Resurrection] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Swiftmend] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Will] is now [Glyph of Unbreakable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Swiftmend] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the Strength of the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       10% per stack, and increases damage done by the target by 10% per stack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the Strength of the target by 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the Strength of the target by 10% per stack, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases damage done by the target by 10% per stack (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now also increases the target's Spell Power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now has a reduced initial duration of 1.5 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       down from 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now reduces the cooldown of Death Grip by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       15 seconds, and increases the duration of Death Grip by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now also increases the target's Spell Power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now reduces the cooldown of Death Grip by 15}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds, and increases the duration of Death Grip by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now also reduces the cooldown of Death Grip by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the Strength of the target by 10% per stack, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases damage done by the target by 10% per stack (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] is now [Glyph of Unholy Might].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the target's Spell Power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Taste for Blood] now heals for 100% of the damage dealt, up from 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Empowered Touch] now also grants Blood Pact a chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             generate additional healing, and healing per charge has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Rapture] now also increases healing by 3% per stack, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Soul Swap] is a new passive ability for paladins that grants the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            paladin 2/4% of their maximum health every second (up from 1/2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Viciousness] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Discipline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Binding Heal] now heals for 50% of the damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Binding Heal] no longer heals for half the amount of healing dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Binding Heal] now heals for 50% of the damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Binding Heal] now heals for 50% of the damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Focused Will] now has a new spell-updating visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Focus] no longer costs Chi, but now costs 45 Power (up from 40).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Prayer of Mending] is a new ability for priests, replacing [Prayer of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Spirit], which costs 45 Energy and heals the priest for 50% of the damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending] now costs 45 Energy, and heals the priest for 50% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion] now heals for 50% of the damage done, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Covenant]'s cooldown has been reduced to 3 seconds, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Death] now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow Word: Pain now has a new spell-updating visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow Word: Pain now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow Word: Pain now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow Word: Pain now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Shadow Priests can now learn Shadow Word: Pain at level 15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Prayer of Mending] now costs 45 Energy, and heals the priest for 50% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowfiend]'s pet now deals damage every 2 seconds, up from every}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shining Force] no longer reduces damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap] has been redesigned. Rather than a healing effect,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           it now grants a 25% damage reduction to all damage taken for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Focus] no longer costs Chi.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *  [Gift of the Juju] now also grants 2/4/6% of mana regeneration instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3% of mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mana regeneration portion of the Gift of the Juju has been removed and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    replaced with a new spell that increases mana regeneration by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Juju] now also grants mana regeneration to allies within 100 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Increased Spirit of the Juju (Guardian Spirit) and [Spirit of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Juju] (Guardian Might) have been added to the druid's Spirit aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Juju] (Guardian Spirit) now also provides mana to allies within 100 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Juju] (Guardian Might) has been added to the druid's Spirit aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Seal of Righteousness] (Bear Form) now increases strength by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    2/4/6%, instead of reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Regalia of the Dawn] is now only available to druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rejuvenation] (Bear) and [Rejuvenation] (Cat) no longer cost mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Riposte] (Bear) now have a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Savage Defense] (Cat) now increases healing done by 2/4/6% instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of the Juju] (Guardian Spirit) now increases healing done by 2/4/6%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instead of reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of the Juju] now increases healing done by 2/4/6%, instead of reducing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Focus] now increases healing done by 2/4/6%, instead of reducing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Focus] now also increases healing done by 2/4/6% instead of reducing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spiritual Focus now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival Instincts] now have a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftmend] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The duration of all shapeshifting effects has been reduced to 8 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Taste for Blood] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Trueshot Aura] no longer costs mana, and has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Touch] (Bear) now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%, instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Growth] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Growth] now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Growth] now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Growth] now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Whiplash] (Bear) now also increases healing done by 2/4/6%, instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of reducing threat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot] now also increases the hunter's attack power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] now also increases the hunter's attack power by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Aimed Shot and Tracking have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] now also increases the hunter's attack power by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Precision] now also increases the hunter's attack power by 1/2/3%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instead of reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Poise] now increases the hunter's attack power by 1/2/3%, instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of reducing threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Precision] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Aimed Shot is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Poise] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Aimed Shot has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Tracking] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Tracking is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot] is now available to hunter only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Aimed Shot is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Banish] is a new passive ability learned by rogues at level 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Banish reduces damage taken by the target to half of normal health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Costs 2.5% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cooldown: Instant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Requires 8 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Pact] and [Blood Pact] now cost 8 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Frost Presence] is a new passive ability learned by death knights at level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Increases healing done by 20/40/60%, and reduces damage done by 20/40/60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Lasts 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Now costs 8 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cooldown: Instant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Requires 8 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Now heals the death knight for 20% of the damage done by the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Death knights will no longer die when their Frost Presence is refreshed by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unholy Presence] is a new passive ability learned by death knights at level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Increase maximum health by 5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Increase damage done by 5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Reduces damage taken by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Duration: 2 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cooldown: Instant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starfire] is now on the global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lifebloom] and [Mangle] no longer cost mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftmend] now heals the target for 15% of the damage done, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thorns]: Damage increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Savage Defense] now grants 5/10% strength, up from 4/7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftmend]: The mana cost of Thorns has been reduced by a significant amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Eclipse]: Increases damage done by Thorns by 5%, and damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Swiftmend]: The mana cost of Thorns has been reduced by a significant amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Thorns]: Damage increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Guardian}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Stance of the Sturdy Ox]: Increases damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          3/6/9% for 4 seconds, and increases damage taken by 6% for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          remaining duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lightning Shield]: Reduces damage taken by the target by 5%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          and reduces damage taken by the target by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Stance of the Sturdy Ox]: Increases damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          3/6/9% for 4 seconds, and increases damage taken by 6% for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          remaining duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might]: Now also increases the damage of Blood Scourge by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5/10/15%, and increases the damage of Blood Scourge by 10% for 8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new quest is available from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [70D] [Dormus] and offers to become a part of the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [Guardian of Elune]. This new quest is available at a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [70D] [Seal of the Dawn] and costs 250 Elune's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Favor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Heroic }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Guardian of Elune quest has a new reward. Speak with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Guardian of Elune in the Shado-Pan Monastery to begin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          your new journey!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new [Guardian of Elune] is now available from the Shado-Pan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Monastery for those who completed the previous quest. Speak with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Guardian of Elune in the Shado-Pan Monastery to begin your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          new quest!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Heroic dungeons now award loot that is twice the previous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          maximum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Shado-Pan Monastery rewards for completing the previous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Guardian of Elune quest have been increased in level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Guardian of Elune quest also now awards a [Guardian's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Badge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guardian of Elune is available to players who have at least completed the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          previous quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a [Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards two Guardian's Seals of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune for the completion of the previous quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Elune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Guardian of Elune quest now awards a Guardian's Seal of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ]Shaping: [Divine Hymn] can now be used by Restoration druids in addition to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Holy druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      *  [Prayer of Fortitude] is now available at level 40, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        from level 45.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Revitalize] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lifebloom] is now instant cast, up from instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lifebloom]'s mana cost has been reduced by 85%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Purify] is now instant cast, up from instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Power Word: Shield] is now instant cast, up from instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Power Word: Shield] now reduces all damage taken by 50%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       regardless of the amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Power Word: Shield] now increases healing of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] is now instant cast, up from instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] now also increases the damage done by Power Word: Shield by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%, and causes the target to be unable to attack for 1.5 seconds if they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attack a healer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending]'s healing has been reduced by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] now increases the healing of Power Word: Shield by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals the priest for 5% of the mana cost of Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Word: Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Mending] can now be cast on more than one target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowform] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowy Apparitions] can now be cast on a target up to 50 yards away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadowy Apparitions now heals the target for 5% of the mana cost of Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Word: Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now has a new spell icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow Word: Pain now heals for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowform] now heals the target for 5% of the mana cost of Power Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * New Spell: [Soul Swap]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * New Spell: [Soul Siphon]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * New Spell: [Soul Purge]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * New Spell: [Soul Strike]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * New Spell: [Soul Swap]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Rip] (New Talent) - Increases the damage you deal to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           targets by 2/4/6%, and increases the damage you deal to all targets by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           2/4/6% while in Soul Rip by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Siphon] - Deals damage every time a target is affected by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           healing, and has a 50/100% chance to activate on all targets hit by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           healing. Each time you cast [Renew] or [Soul Swap] within 6 seconds of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           your casting, you gain a small amount of power equal to 5/10% of your maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           health, and your healing is increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Siphon] - Increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Swap] - Deals damage every time a target is affected by your healing, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           has a 50/100% chance to activate on all targets hit by your healing. Each time you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           cast [Renew] or [Soul Swap] within 6 seconds of your casting, you gain a small}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           amount of power equal to 5/10% of your maximum health, and your healing is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Rip] is a new passive ability learned by Shadow Priests at level 20, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The damage done by this ability increases based on your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              maximum health, and your damage is increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Siphon] - Increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Siphon] - Increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increases the damage you deal to all targets by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Spiritual Focus] - Increases your spell power by 5%, and increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           your healing done by 5% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Spiritual Focus] - Increases your spell power by 5%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increases your healing done by 5% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Spiritual Focus] - Increases your spell power by 5%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            increases your healing done by 5% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Guidance] - You heal for 25% of your maximum health over 10 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (up from 20% of your maximum health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Guidance] - You heal for 25% of your maximum health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few months ago, we announced the expansion of the legendary "Ascendance" trinket, allowing you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 gain two-thirds of your maximum mana and restore health over time. We're}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 excited to reintroduce this new trinket to the game so you can use it to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 infuse magic into your gameplay, while also providing some powerful new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 support gem options.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: MAGISTER'S TERRACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the Argent Crusade's efforts to overthrow the Argent Dawn continue, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade's forces have advanced further into the heart of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Summit. On the Argent Crusade's eastern flank, a group of Argent Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 army soldiers have taken shelter in a remote tower in the Argent Coliseum,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 where they will await the arrival of reinforcements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: ARGENT REPUBLIC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new day of war has broken out in the Argent Crusade's backyard in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Throne room. The Argent Crusade, led by Prince Jaina Proudmoore, has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 agreed to let the Argent Crusade enter the Argent Throne room to end the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: BROKEN ARGENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade has secured a foothold in the Argent Throne room by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 covenantly hiding behind the Argent Crusade's Argent Dawn banner. After a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 successful infiltration into the Argent Throne room, the Argent Crusade spies have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been discovered: the Argent Crusade's leader, Prince Jaina Proudmoore, and Admiral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Molten Core's Admiral Rogers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE AMBUSH OF ARGENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Dawn spies have been spotted at the Argent Throne room in the Argent Crusade's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ambit. The Argent Crusade has agreed to let the Argent Crusade enter the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign during the day to end the Argent Crusade's reign of terror. The Argent Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has agreed to allow the Argent Crusade to enter the Argent Throne room during the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 day, in order to prevent any Argent Crusade reinforcements being detected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the beginning of the end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the Argent Crusade. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign and crush the Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 contain the Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE ARGENT REPUBLIC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade have agreed to let the Argent Crusade enter the Argent Throne room during the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 day. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent Throne and crush the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade have agreed to let the Argent Crusade enter the Argent Throne room during the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 day. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent Throne and crush the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the beginning of the end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the Argent Crusade. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign and crush the Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the beginning of the end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the Argent Crusade. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign and crush the Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the beginning of the end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the Argent Crusade. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign and crush the Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the beginning of the end}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the Argent Crusade. The Argent Crusade will now be forced to take control of the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reign and crush the Argent Crusade's allies in a last desperate stand to contain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP BRAWL: THE BATTLE FOR THE ASTRONOMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Argent Crusade's assault on the Argent Throne room will mark the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Death Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           , and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Death Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Death Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Mortal Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word: Pain] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word: Death] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word: Pain] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Soul Swap] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Soul Rip] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Soul Tap] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Might] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Presence] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Vampiric Touch] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word: Pain] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Infected Wounds] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Mortal Strike] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Might] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Presence] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Might] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Spirit] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Presence] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Unholy Spirit] - When your health is below 35% of your maximum health, you gain 20% increased damage, and you gain 20% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Word}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the time to join our Discord server to discuss all things Dungeons and PvP.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We hope you have a great day!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All dungeons will now have a "Trial of the Jade Serpent" mini-boss. This boss is located in the centre of the dungeon and you will need to defeat him to advance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    through the dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You will now receive a quest when you defeat the Jade Serpent that will lead you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Jade Forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now talk to any other player in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Jade Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Jade Forest is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Jade Spirit will now be consumed by any raid or party member, regardless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of party size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now talk to any other player in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  WORLD ENVIRONMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive messages when you are being attacked by multiple}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notification messages when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by another}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by multiple}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a hostile}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by multiple}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a hostile}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You will no longer receive notifications when you are being attacked by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hostile player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The distance between you and the Jade Forest has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added that takes you to the Jade Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to assist the Jade Forest Defense Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added that takes you to the Jade Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to assist the Jade Forest Defense Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added that takes you to the Jade Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to assist the Jade Forest Defense Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added that takes you to the Jade Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to assist the Jade Forest Defense Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has been added that takes you to the Jade Forest to assist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Jade Forest Defense Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new quest has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ] [Ice Block] now has a 2-second cooldown and no longer increases damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Ice Block] now has a 2-second cooldown and no longer increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Tide Totem]'s healing effect has been increased to 60% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       target's maximum health, up from 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Molten Core]'s damage done has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Primal Fury] now also causes the shaman's damage to be increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       a flat amount equal to 30% of the shaman's strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Riptide]'s periodic damage has been increased by 150%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shamanism] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Insight] no longer increases the damage done by Healing Way,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Stormstrike, and Healing Stream Totem by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stormstrike] now deals 50% weapon damage, up from 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Totem] now deals 50% weapon damage, up from 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Weapon] is no longer available to heal allies, and has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury Weapon] now heals the shaman for 7% of their maximum health,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing them for 20% of the weapon damage dealt, and increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          done to the shaman by 1/3 of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury Totem] now heals the shaman for 7% of their maximum health,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing them for 20% of the weapon damage dealt, and increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          done to the shaman by 1/3 of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury Totem] now heals the shaman for 7% of their maximum health,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing them for 20% of the weapon damage dealt, and increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          done to the shaman by 1/3 of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury Totem] now heals the shaman for 7% of their maximum health,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing them for 20% of the weapon damage dealt, and increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          done to the shaman by 1/3 of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury Weapon] is no longer available to heal allies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Windfury Weapon] now heals the shaman for 7% of their maximum health,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              healing them for 20% of the weapon damage dealt, and increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              done to the shaman by 1/3 of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now increases damage done to the target by 5%, up from 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Battle Stance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now increases damage done to the target by 10% up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now also affects [Blood Frenzy]'s mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now also increases damage done to the target by 5%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    up from 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy] now also causes Blood Frenzy to increase all damage done to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the warrior by 5/10%, and the warrior's melee damage by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Colossus Smash] now also causes the warrior's melee damage to be increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5/10% and reduces the chance the warrior will be critically hit by melee by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dauntless] no longer increases the warrior's critical strike chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    It still increases the warrior's chance to critically hit at 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dauntless] now also increases damage done to the target by 5%, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 4%, and reduces the chance the warrior will be critically hit by melee by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Warpaint] has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Banish] has been renamed to [Curse of the Elements].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of the Elements] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hex of Weakness] has been added to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hex of Weakness] is now available to all druid specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Damage increased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Duration increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mana cost decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mana regeneration increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Damage increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mana cost increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mana regeneration increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Drain Life] - [Drain Life] causes your next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Doomguard] or [Doomguard] to deal damage equal to 25% of your maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Drain Health]: Your next [Doomguard] or [Doomguard] deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage equal to 35% of your maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Drain Mana]: Your next [Doomguard] or [Doomguard] deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage equal to 50% of your maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 25% of your maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 35% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 50% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 55% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 55% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 80% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 100% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 100% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doom Strike] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Doomguard] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Death Strike] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Death Strike] - Deals damage equal to 110% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       maximum health over the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Glyph of Death Strike] - Deals damage equal to 110}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Disease]: This ability will now trigger properly when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           you are poisoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Death Grip]: The damage done by this ability has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Frost Fever]: This talent will now properly trigger the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           on Frost Fever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Frost Shock]: This ability will now properly trigger the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           on Frost Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Frost Fever] (passive): This talent is no longer on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Mangle]: This ability can now be used once every 30 seconds, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           from once every 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Pistol Shot] (passive): This talent will now trigger the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           proper cooldown on Pistol Shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Precise Strikes]: This ability can now be used once every 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds, up from once every 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Rapid Fire]: This ability will now trigger properly from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Sharpen Blade]: This ability will now properly trigger the cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Rapid Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shuriken Storm]: This ability's damage has been increased by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           3/6/9/12/15%, as well as the effectiveness of the damage done by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Shuriken Storm ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Skull Bash]: This ability will now properly trigger the cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Skull Bash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Slice and Dice]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Slice and Dice]: This ability will now properly trigger the cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Slice and Dice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Trueshot]: This talent will now work properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Viper Sting]: This ability will now trigger properly from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Whiplash]: This ability's damage has been increased by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           3/6/9/12/15%, as well as the effectiveness of the damage done by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Viper Sting ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Wild Quiver]: This ability will now trigger properly from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Weapon Mastery]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level 62-66 bracket has been removed from PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Class Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy]: This talent will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Presence]: This talent will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Strike]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Tide]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Resistance]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Poison Spit]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowburn]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shuriken Storm]: This ability will now trigger from auto-ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Talent Priorities]: These talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a new quest, you'll find yourself in the middle of a fierce battle for control of Zul'Gurub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DESTROY THE ZUL'GURUB RAGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Zul'Gurub Fury is a new daily quest that will unlock the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zul'Gurub Fury daily quest line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach level 20.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BE THE FIRST TO DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This quest will unlock once you reach}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new class of crystal that is obtained by killing monsters in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                   *                    *             *          *          *         *         *         *        *       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Blood Presence] now also grants 25 Runic Power per 1% of health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 consumed, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Frost Presence] now also grants 25 Runic Power per 1% of health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 consumed, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Blood Frenzy] should no longer cause Frost Presence to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 no longer apply its full effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Blood: Healing Touch now only costs 10 Focus, down from 15 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Barkskin] now also increases healing done by Healthstones by 5%, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                from 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Thistlewood] now also increases healing done by Healthstones by 5%, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               from 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Beast Mastery: Beast of Balance now also grants 2 Focus to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 party and raid members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Marksmanship: Critical Shot now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Survival: Critical Shot now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Hunter Pets are now available only to Beast Mastery hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 Pets take 30% less damage from all types, but take 7% less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  damage from physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Petrifying Shot] no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Scatter Shot] should no longer cause additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Arcane: Arcane Shot now deals damage to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [NEW] [Gladiator's Plate Legguards]: This new set of armor was only available to Honor Hold guards under the old [Gladiator's Plate Legguards].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Reduces damage taken by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases critical strike damage by 5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was 5% Critical Strike Damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Critical strike chance of your next [Bloodthirst] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was [Bloodthirst]) or [Gorefiend's Grasp] increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases armor by 5% and increases your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       stamina by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your critical strike damage by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases your block amount by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Critical strike chance of your next [Bloodrage] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (was [Bloodrage]) or [Gorefiend's Grasp] increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your critical strike damage by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       your Stamina by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your block amount by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases your Stamina by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your critical strike damage by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases your critical strike healing by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your critical strike damage by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases your critical strike healing by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Critical strike damage and healing increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New: [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] - Increases your critical strike damage by 5% and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases your healing by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Benediction] - Haste is now granted to you by your group at the start of every}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      encounter, regardless of the difficulty of the encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for weapons such as [Blood Frenzy] and [Sunder Armor] has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Dauntless] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Havoc] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Shield Slam] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Slam] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Revenge] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Revenge] now displays the damage done by the ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      next to the target, as opposed to the ability that was used next to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Shield Slam] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Shield Wall] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Righteous Fury] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Revenge] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Shield Slam] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Vengeance] now displays the damage done by the ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      next to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Vengeance] now displays the damage done by the ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      next to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Vicious Strikes] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Mortal Strike] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Pummel] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Revenge] has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Premeditation] will no longer trigger from critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Premeditation] will no longer trigger from critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The tooltip for [Premeditation] now displays the damage done by the ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      next to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] [Next Chapter]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Introduction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Old Man's War] is a new faction that has been introduced in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          The Old Man's War. The Old Man's War is a war between the Horde and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Alliance, with the Alliance seeking to conquer their home}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          capital and the Horde seeking to capture the heart of Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Old Man's War is a new faction that has been introduced in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          The Old Man's War. The Old Man's War is a war between the Horde and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Alliance, with the Alliance seeking to conquer their home capital and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Horde seeking to capture the heart of Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Old Man's War] will begin with the Horde attempting to seize}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Azeroth from the Alliance. The war will last for ten weeks and culminate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in a decisive victory for the Alliance at the Battle of Dazar'alor in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Battle of Dazar'alor encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  BATTLE OF DAZAR'ALOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battle of Dazar'alor will begin with the Horde attempting to seize}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Azeroth from the Alliance. The war will last for ten weeks and culminate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       with a decisive victory for the Alliance at the Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in the Battle of Dazar'alor encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Alliance and the Horde will each take the battleground once the battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       has begun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The battleground will be controlled by a neutral party and the battle will be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       won by the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will be able to queue for and participate in the battle from any}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       available realm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle for Azeroth }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The battle for Azeroth will begin with a single capture of Azshara, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Alliance and the Horde will each take the battleground once the battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          has begun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle for Gilneas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The battle for Gilneas will begin with the Alliance taking control of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Dazar'alor encounter and the Horde taking control of the Battle of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Dazar'alor and the Battle of Dazar'alor. The battleground will be controlled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by a neutral party and the battle will be won by the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle for Gilneas }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The battle for Gilneas will begin with the Alliance taking control of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Dazar'alor encounter and the Horde taking control of the Battle of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Dazar'salor and the Battle of Dazar'alor. The battleground will be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           controlled by a neutral party and the battle will be won by the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The battleground at the heart of the Battle of Dazar'salor will no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           longer be available at the start of Season 2. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Battle of Dazar'salor will now only be available to players who have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             access to both the Battle for Gilneas and Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             realms. The battleground will remain available to players in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Battle for Azshara and Battle of Azshara worlds only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cobra Shot] and [Mutilate] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cobra Strike] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cobra Shot]: This ability now deals damage in addition to its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cobra Strike]: This ability now deals damage in addition to its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Titanic Might]: The amount of threat generated by this ability has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       been reduced to 5%, down from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Titanic Might] now also reduces the cooldown of [Thunder Clap] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       30 seconds, up from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Thunder Clap] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unrelenting Assault]: Now causes Earthquake and Rockbiter to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       deal additional damage and slow the target for 3 seconds, stacking up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       15 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whiplash] cooldown reduced to 10 seconds, down from 15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whiplash] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [V-Skill] redesigned. V-Skill now increases damage done by Earthquake,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Rockbiter and Thunder Clap by 20% (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [V-Skill] now also increases the critical strike chance of Earthquake and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Thunder Clap by 20% (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whiplash]'s damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy]: This talent now increases the damage of [Blood Frenzy] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    25%, down from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Frenzy]: Now increases the damage done by Blood Frenzy by 20% (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deadly Calm]: Now has a new icon and text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Defensive Stance]: Will now reduce damage taken by 50% (down from 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Execute]: This ability no longer triggers [Execute] when the warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is critically hit with [Bloodthirst].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in addition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in addition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: This talent now causes Execute to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute]: The damage done by this talent cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced below 50% of its original damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Execute}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] now requires a minimum target size of 25 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] now additionally reduces damage taken below 50% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival Instincts] now also reduce damage taken below 50% health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival Instincts] damage bonus increased to 30% (up from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Throwing Specialization] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Throwing Specialization] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot]: This talent now increases the damage done by Aimed Shot by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    4/8/12/16/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot]: This talent now increases the damage done by Aimed Shot by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Rapid Fire]: This talent now also enables Rapid Fire to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    activated on all melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Reload] now also reduces the cooldown of Aimed Shot by 10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot]: This talent now also allows Rapid Fire to be activated on all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Sniper Training]: This talent now also allows Rapid Fire to be activated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on all melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Sniper Training]: This talent now also allows Aimed Shot to be activated on all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Aimed Shot is now available to hunters at level 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot]: This talent now also allows Rapid Fire to be activated on all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Aimed Shot]: This talent now also allows Rapid Fire to be activated on all melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attacks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Brilliance]: This talent now increases the damage done by Aimed Shot by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Avenger's Shield]: The amount of healing received from this ability has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] duration increased to 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now also increases the damage done by Vengeance by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now also reduces the cooldown of Vengeance by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now also increases the duration of Avenger's Shield by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now also reduces the cooldown of Avenger's Shield by 2/4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice]: This blessing now grants a maximum of 5 stacks of Avenger's Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Devotion Aura] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will]: This talent now allows the paladin to use Divine Intervention on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    targets above 50% health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Focused Will]: This talent now allows the paladin to use Divine Intervention on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    targets above 50% health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Guardian's Grace]: The amount of healing received from this ability has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Fire]: This spell now has a chance to trigger Holy Fire, which is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds are now available to players who have completed the new daily quest line, " [70D] [90R] The Guild":}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The first time you complete the "The Guild" daily quest line, you will receive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       an item on your first successful attempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds now have unique names and emotes!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Guild Finder] - A new option to search for guilds has been added to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    guild UI. Clicking this option will open up a new tab that can be used to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    search for a random guild in the raid, or the raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new option to search for raid groups in the raid UI. This option is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    turned on by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to chat in the raid window, if you so desire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right-click a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a raid window to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now right click on a group frame to bring up the raid window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    WORLD ENVIRONMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The landscape of Draenor has undergone a dramatic change, with a series of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    significant new additions and adjustments that will enhance both your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    experience and the overall sense of immersion you will have while in Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostfire Ridge] - The Frostfire Ridge and Frostfire Point camps have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    converted to a PvP location, with the campsites now being accessible in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    all four major cities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mudcrack] - The Mudcrack encounter has been adjusted to a more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    familiar and accessible experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rapture] - The first time you defeat a boss in this dungeon, you will receive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a [Rapture Commodity] and a [Rapture Stamp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shattered City] - You will now receive a [Rapture Commodity] and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a [Rapture Stamp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starfire] - You will now receive a [Rapture Commodity] and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a [Rapture Stamp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Suramar] - The Suramar encounter has been adjusted to a more familiar and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    accessible experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Trial of the Swordbreaker] - The timer on the trial of the swordbreaker has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been lowered to 4 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tower of Radiance] - The Tower of Radiance is now accessible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Typhoon] - You will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The following are no longer available in this patch: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Banish]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Cascade]: This ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Entangling Roots]: This spell no longer causes a target to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            pulled toward the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Entangling Roots]: This glyph now applies to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           affected creature instead of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Life Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Power Word: Shield]: This glyph now applies to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target instead of the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Rip]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Ward]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Cleave]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Rip]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration spells and abilities, not just healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Spirit Tap]: This glyph now works on all damage over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'I was in a bad place.'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now restores 3% health per stack, up from 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now heals for 70% of damage dealt, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]'s healing has been increased from 20% to 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now heals for 40% of damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now heals for 60% of damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction] now heals for 40% of damage dealt, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Smokey's Addiction] effect now lasts 30 seconds, down from 90 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The duration of the Smokey's Addiction effect has been increased to 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds, up from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lil' Smoky]: This talent is now a passive ability instead of being a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          proc on every attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage dealt by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage dealt by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage dealt by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction effect now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction effect now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Smokey's Addiction]: The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          talent has been increased from 150% of normal damage to 200% of normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction effect now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage done by the Smokey's Addiction effect now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cobra Shot]: This talent now increases damage done by all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          abilities by 10%, and adds 15% damage for each enemy hit by the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          The damage done by Cobra Shot is now always critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gore Shot]: This talent now increases damage done by all abilities by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          abilities by 10%, and adds 15% damage for each enemy hit by the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          The damage done by Gore Shot is now always critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I. Introduction}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 II. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 III. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 IV. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 V. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VI. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VII. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 III. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 IV. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 V. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VI. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VII. Known Issues}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. General}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Interface improvements}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. New game client support}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. Additional improvements in game performance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B. Spellcasting}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C. New spell: [Thunderstorm]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D. New spell: [Dampen Magic] (replaces [Fire Shield])}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 E. New spell: [Improved Fire Shield] (replaces Improved Fire Shield)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 F. New spell: [Improved Fire Protection] (replaces Improved Fire Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. New spell: [Improved Fire Ward] (replaces Improved Fire Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H. New spell: [Improved Fire Ward] (replaces Improved Fire Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I. New spell: [Improved Fire Resistance] (replaces Improved Fire Resistance)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 J. New spell: [Improved Fire Protection] (replaces Improved Fire Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 K. New spell: [Improved Fire Ward] (replaces Improved Fire Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 L. New spell: [Improved Fire Ward] (replaces Improved Fire Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M. New spell: [Improved Shadow Protection] (replaces Improved Shadow Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 N. New spell: [Improved Shadow Ward] (replaces Improved Shadow Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P. New spell: [Improved Shadow Protection] (replaces Improved Shadow Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. New spell: [Improved Shadow Ward] (replaces Improved Shadow Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R. New spell: [Improved Shadow Protection] (replaces Improved Shadow Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S. New Spell: [Improved Shadow Ward] (replaces Improved Shadow Protection)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T. New Spell: [Power Infusion] (replaces Improved Shadow Ward)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following spells have had their mana costs reduced: [Fire Shield], [Frost Shield], [Improved Fire Ward], [Improved Shadow Ward], and [Improved Shadow Protection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Shadow Ward] is now replaced by Improved Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Improved Shadow Ward] is now replaced by Improved Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow Ward] is now replaced by Improved Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Improved Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Improved Shadow Ward] (replaces Improved Shadow Ward)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Shadow Ward:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now replaced by Vampiric Touch:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New spell: [Vampiric Touch] is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragon's Hand}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragon's Hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wild Dragonflight}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wild Dragonflight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tales of the Dragon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tales of the Dragon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragon's Heart}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dragon's Heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wild Dragonflight}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wild Dragonflight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Teeth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragon's Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Star of the North}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Star of the North.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Star of the East}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Star of the East.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Star of the West}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Star of the West.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hunter versus Hunter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A battle for dominance has erupted in the wilds of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New raid and PvP achievements have been added. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete the new heroic dungeon "Thieves' End" for a total of 910 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Cataclysm" for a total of 815 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Mists of Pandaria" for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Mists of Pandaria" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Mists of Pandaria" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Mists of Pandaria" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid and PvP achievements have been added. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete the new heroic dungeon "Thieves' End" for a total of 910 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Cataclysm" for a total of 815 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Mists of Pandaria" for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" with a group of 5 or more for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Complete "Molten Core" solo for a total of 885 Honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Wyvern Sting] now deals 60% weapon damage instead of 40% weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blood Frenzy]'s healing done to all party or raid members has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disease Cleansing Totem] now heals for 100% of damage done (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           70%), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthbind Totem] no longer costs mana and now heals the target for 100% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage done (up from 70%), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] damage done now deals 300% weapon damage (up from 300% weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Spark] now heals for 5% of damage caused (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          3% of damage), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Harmony] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Harmony is a new passive ability available only to Restoration shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Harmony causes healing done by the shaman to trigger an additional healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            effect, stacking up to 100 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Mana Tide Totem] now heals the target for 5% of the damage done (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            2% of damage), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Nature Resistance Totem] now heals the target for 5% of the damage done (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            from 2% of damage), and no longer heals the target's maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Feral Spirit]'s mana cost has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Fist of Stone] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lava Lash] damage done has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Maelstrom Weapon] (Feral) now deals 130% weapon damage (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            120%) and now deals 170% weapon damage (up from 150%) with no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Enhancement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Feral Spirit] now heals the shaman for 5% of damage dealt (up from 3%) and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Maelstrom Weapon] (Feral) now deals 130% weapon damage (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            150%) and now deals 170% weapon damage (up from 150%) with no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Mental Quickness] now heals the shaman for 5% of damage dealt (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             from 3%) and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Riptide] damage done now deals 330% weapon damage (up from 310% weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            damage), and no longer heals the target's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shamanism] now also increases the shaman's healing by 5%, and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             additionally increases the shaman's healing by 5% for all allies within the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             shaman's area of effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Spiritual Insight] now heals the shaman for 5% of damage dealt (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 > }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Spell damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Charge] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Swap] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wild Strike] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Whirlwind] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] mana cost reduced to 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bash] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Charge] mana cost reduced to 40% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Defensive Stance] and [Improved Bash] damage increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Defensive Stance] and [Improved Bash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Efficiency] now increases damage done by [Efficiency] by 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy] has been renamed Frenzied, and now refunds 3 fury per rage spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy] now refunds 3 rage per rage spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzy] now refunds 3 rage per rage spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gift of the Wild] now refunds 3 rage per rage spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hurricane] is now available at level 60, has a 10 second cooldown (was 20 second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Imp's Stride] damage increased to 350% of weapon damage (was 350% of attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350% of attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       350% of attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of attack damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Improved Imp now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] now costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Imp] damage increased to 350% weapon damage (was 350% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attack damage).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] have been replaced with the [Bloodthirster's Goreplate Gauntlets].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] have been redesigned to be more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       appropriate for bloodthirsters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gladiator's Plate Legguards] have been redesigned to be more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       appropriate for assassins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a hard socket and no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have 2 sockets in them and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by NPCs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards cannot be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can no longer be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards can now be sold by the [Brawler's Guild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Gladiator's Plate Legguards no longer have a vendor sellable item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most experienced and skilled pilots of the new Mistweaver class will find themselves an indispensable ally,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 especially when they seek to strike out across the void.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MISTWALKING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mistweaver class is a new flying mount for players with a high enough}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 experience level to purchase it. These new flying mounts are available in level 80}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and 80-hour variants, and are available from the Mistweaver in Dalaran and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran Shipyards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mistweaver] mounts are now available from the Mistweaver in Dalaran and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran Shipyards. Level 80 and 80-hour versions available from Mistweaver vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mistweaver] mounts are not necessary to use the Mistweaver class flying mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mistweaver] mounts no longer require any Spirit to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spirit is no longer required to use the Mistweaver flying mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit] is no longer required to use the Mistweaver class flying mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit] is no longer required to use the Mistweaver class flying mount.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MISTWEAVER CLASS FEATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Mistweaver Armor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These new armor pieces are crafted by the Mistweaver in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 healing light, and are available as a quest reward for Mistweaver level 80}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and Mistweaver level 85.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FACTION: REPULSARIAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Reapers have returned, and they're bringing with them a terrible new threat to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reynad. The Reapers plot to use the Reapers' power to resurrect the ancient}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dragon and use him as a pawn to conquer Draenor and bring down the new Reapers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To fight this new threat and stop this dark plot, you'll find yourself in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reynad, an ancient ruin in the heart of the Reapers' clutches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following changes have been made to all Arenas:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers cannot resurrect the dragon at the start of the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers no longer resurrect the dragon when they defeat the hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now leave behind a dead dragon when they defeat the hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When a Reaper is defeated, all the Reapers in the arena will turn to stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now leave behind a dead dragon when they defeat the hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now spawn at a much more reasonable time, with the Reapers spawning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       less frequently, and the arena timers reset automatically if a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now respawn much more quickly when a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers' ability to resurrect the dragon is now paused when the arena}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       timer expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers' ability to resurrect the dragon is now paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers are now more stealthy while resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers no longer spawn in the middle of the arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers respawn much quicker when a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now spawn at a much more reasonable time, with the Reapers spawning less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       frequently, and the arena timers reset automatically if a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now respawn much more quickly when a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now spawn at a much more reasonable time, with the Reapers spawning less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       frequently, and the arena timers reset automatically if a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Reapers now spawn at a much more reasonable time, with the Reapers spawning less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       frequently, and the arena timers reset automatically if a Reaper is defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following changes have been made to all Arenas:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Reapers cannot resurrect the dragon at the start of the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Reapers no longer resurrect the dragon when they defeat the hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Reapers now leave behind a dead dragon when they defeat the hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Reapers can now see through invisibility effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Reapers are now more stealthy while resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage done by [Unholy Might] has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warlord}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level 100}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Requires}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Stamina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 890 Agility}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 910 Stamina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 890 Strength}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 910 Intelligence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 910 Intellect}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 910 Wisdom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 910 Charisma}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1030 Stamina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Agility}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Strength}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Intelligence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Wisdom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Charisma}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Stamina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Agility}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Strength}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Intellect}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Wisdom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Charisma}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Strength}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 330 Wisdom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warlord (all three forms)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level 100}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Requires}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Stamina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Intelligence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Intellect}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 830 Wisdom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Warlord is a new raid-only mount available to Horde players at level 90, and Alliance players at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle of Battle for Gilneas has begun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system has undergone significant changes. Honor has been moved from a base level of 40 to 60, and Honor Commodities from 10 to 5. Honor Commodities will be available at Honor Commodities vendors in Dalaran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor Commodities now have a reputation requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor Commodities now have a reputation requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor Commodities now have a reputation requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor Commodities now have a reputation requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system now properly updates Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system now updates Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system now updates Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system now properly updates Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system has been added to the Honor Commodities system. Honor Commodities are now available at Honor Commodities vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system has been added to the Honor Commodities system. Honor Commodities are now available at Honor Commodities vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system now updates Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor system will now properly update Honor Commodities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Portal is a map that will take place in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             the Dark Portal. It is located in the center of the Dark Portal,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             under the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * All players may enter the Dark Portal for free after completing the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Dark Portal quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players may not exit the Dark Portal at any time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dark Portal is a new zone for level 60 characters. After}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          completing the quest [80] Dark Portal, players will be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          access the Dark Portal by right-clicking on the Dark Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dark Portal consists of three main zones:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Dark Portal is a graveyard, which has been converted into a cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              filled with enemies that will kill players if they enter it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Dark Portal is a large ruin, which holds the souls of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              all the Dark Portal survivors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dark Portal can be accessed by Horde players only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dark Portal can be accessed by Alliance players only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Portal is a new quest available after the Dark Portal quest that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          take place in the Dark Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players will not be able to defeat the other factions' guards in Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Portal is a new zone available to level 60 characters. Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Portal is a large ruin that holds the souls of all the Dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Portal survivors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Portal is a new quest available after completing the Dark Portal quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          that will take place in Dark Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Hymn] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of Justice] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightwell] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Renewed Hope] and [Renewed Fury] are no longer available to Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or Shadow priests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Insight] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Insight] has been removed from all paladins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Virtues of the Innocent] no longer increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Seal of Insight]. It instead now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Seal of Insight].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void of Corruption] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Strike] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vindication] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIEST}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Light of Dawn] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Word: Pain now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shadow Word: Pain now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] is now available at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] now deals physical damage instead of magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There's a bit of a catch in this, though. The second I activate [Flash Heal], he'll no longer have a chance to get a bleed effect off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Flash Heal] is a new healing spell that heals all party or raid members for 5% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           their maximum health. It will not target the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Flash Heal] no longer heals the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Flash Heal] now also applies the haste effect,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           stacking up to 3 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Flash Heal]'s healing range has been increased to 30 yards (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           25 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Heal] will now make the heal done by Heal instantly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           healable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Mana Tide Totem] healing has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Talent: [Mind Flay]. Target an enemy and then cast Heal on yourself,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           healing the target for 5% of the damage done by the target, and healing the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target for 50% of the damage done by the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Talent: [Mind Spike]. Cast Heal on the target, and then cast Heal on all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           nearby targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Power Word: Shield] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Savage Defense] no longer applies a bleed effect to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shield Slam]'s range has been decreased to 30 yards (was 15 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals 20% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now heals a nearby friendly target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         50% of the damage done, but no longer heals the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Immolate] now causes the target to take 50% more damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from Immolate's periodic damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] is a new glyph ability that causes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain to deal damage to three nearby enemies, healing them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         for 5% of the damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Glyph of the Dragon's Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Gly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Frost Presence] now also causes [Blood Presence] to cause the target to bleed more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           frequently (up from less frequently).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence] now also causes Blood Presence to only target the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current health of the target, no matter how low the health of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence] now also causes Blood Presence to only target the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          current health of the target, no matter how low the health of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence]'s duration has been reduced to 10 seconds, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Arcane Brilliance] now causes [Arcane Blast] to no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       longer consume Arcane Charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Ebb and Flow] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Stream] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Wave] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Wave] is now the 3-point [Glyph of Healing Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Healing Stream has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Wave] is now the 4-point Glyph. Healing Stream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           now heals the target for an additional 5% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Healing Strike] now has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Tide Totem] now causes Healing Tide Totem to no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       longer consume Arcane Charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Tide Totem] now causes Healing Totem to heal the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       5% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Touch] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Touch] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Healing Totem] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Totem] now increases the healing of the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem, and the amount healed by Healing Totem by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Totem] now causes the healing of the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem, and the amount healed by Healing Totem by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Totem] now causes the healing of the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem, and the amount healed by Healing Totem by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Totem] now causes the healing of the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem, and the amount healed by Healing Totem by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          5% per stack of Healing Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Touch] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 end the quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New optional faction: Arathi Highlands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New optional faction: Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War II" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War III" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War IV" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War V" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War VI" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War VII" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War VIII" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [70R] The Art of War IX" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest " [70R] The Art of War X" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XI" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XII" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XIII" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XIV" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XV" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XVI" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XVIII" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War XIX" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] The Art of War X" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor" no longer takes you to Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Instead the quest, " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor II" takes you to Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The Dazar'alor raid bosses have been moved to a more appropriate time at the start of each}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now turn in their pets at any time by talking to the NPC that has the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The " [70R] The Art of War" quest has been modified so that it no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    requires the " [70R] The Art of War" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to turn in pets at any time by speaking with the NPC that has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * " [70R] The Art of War" will no longer require the " [70R] The Art of War" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Players who have completed the " [70R] The Art of War" quest will automatically}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    receive the quest " [70R] The Art of War II."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The " [70R] The Art of War" quest now has a more fitting time for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Dazar'alor encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * " [70R] The Art of War II" has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players who have completed the " [70R] The Art of War" quest will automatically}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    receive the quest " [70R] The Art of War."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The " [70R] The Art of War II" has been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now get credit for completing the " [70R] The Art of War"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    quest on certain characters if they die before they complete the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The " [70R] The Art of War II" has been adjusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * " [70R] The Art of War" now requires the " [70R] The Art of War" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [70R] The Art of War II" now requires the " [70R] The Art of War" quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest, " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor" no longer takes you to Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Instead the quest, " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor II" takes you to Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The Dazar'alor encounter has been moved to a more appropriate time at the start of each}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer get credit for completing the " [70R] Return to Dazar'alor" quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on certain characters if they die before they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * The duration of the [Shadow Word: Pain] stun effect has been reduced to 6 seconds, down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] can no longer be reflected or dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] can no longer be used if you are immune to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage absorbing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now increases damage done by [Shadow Word: Pain] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       15% per stack, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] no longer applies Shadow Word: Pain's threat generation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       reduction to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowform] (Shadowfiend) now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Shadowfiend now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Shadowfiend now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Shadowfiend now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       addition to its current range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadowfiend] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to deal Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire Elemental}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire elementals are among the toughest and most resilient creatures to damage in Azeroth, yet the fire elementals of Flame Over Flame will do anything to wound and kill you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GEAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new [Gloves of the North] are available as a new secondary stat, +10% Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Stamina and Intellect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] are now available to all raid and party}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    members, and the stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increase Strength, Stamina, Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] are now available to all raid and party members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] now increase Strength, Stamina,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Intellect and Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for [Gorefiend's Gauntlets] have been adjusted to increase Strength,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Agility and Intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stats for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /Raptor] (Raptor) has had its mana cost reduced by 50%, but its damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Mortal Strike] damage has been increased by 20% to match the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           new range for Mortal Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the target, rather than in a fixed amount. This means Mortal Strikes no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           longer deal damage in 1 hit, and Mortal Strikes now deal damage in 2 or more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strikes] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raptor Strike] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slam]: Damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trueshot] (Succubus) now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target, rather than in a fixed amount. This means Trueshots no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          longer deal damage in 1 hit, and Trueshots now deal damage in 2 or more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trueshot] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the target,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          rather than in a fixed amount. This means Trueshots no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          deal damage in 1 hit, and Trueshots now deal damage in 2 or more hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trueshot]: Hit and Expertise damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vicious Strikes]: Damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vicious Strikes] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target, rather than in a fixed amount. This means Trueshots no longer deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage in 1 hit, and Trueshots now deal damage in 2 or more hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the target, rather}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          than in a fixed amount. This means Whirlwind now deals damage in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          proportion to the damage dealt by the target, rather than in a fixed amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Strike]: Damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target, rather than in a fixed amount. This means Wild Strike no longer deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage in 1 hit, and Wild Strike now deals damage in 2 or more hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Strike]: Hit and Expertise damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raptor Strike] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scatter Shot]: Damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silencing Shot]: Damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sudden Death]: Damage has been decreased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vengeance]: Damage has been decreased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vulgar Aegis]: The amount of damage absorbed has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vulgar Aegis]: The amount of damage absorbed has been decreased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whiplash]: The amount of damage absorbed has been decreased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind]: Hit and Expertise damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind]: Hit and Expertise damage now deals damage in proportion to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          total amount absorbed, rather than in a fixed amount. This means Whirlwind now deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage in 2 or more hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Whirlwind] now deals damage in proportion to the damage dealt by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW MOUNTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new mount: [Deathrider]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider]'s Shadow Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Shadow Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Dark Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Shadow Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Shadow Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Iron Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Iron Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Blood Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Blood Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Iron Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: [Deathrider's Iron Horse]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Dark Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Shadow Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Shadow Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Iron Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Rage Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Soul Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blood Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new mount: Deathrider's Blaze Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Epic Mount: The Heart of Azeroth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Heart of Azeroth is now a mount and spirit companion that mounts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       you through Outland. The Heart of Azeroth is a spirit companion that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       mounts you through Outland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Heart of Azeroth, the new mount, is available to level-85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All new emotes and trinket effects can be found in the In-game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Journal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Heart of Azeroth mount is now available to level-85 players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New mount: The Wrath of Azeroth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Wrath of Azeroth mount is now available to level-85 players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New mount: The Sun-Touched}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Sun-Touched mount is now available to level-85 players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New mount: The Stormshrouded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New mount: The Stormshrouded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MORGAN, Wyo. (Reuters) - A new Wyoming law that would allow some men to have sex with animals has been blocked in the state legislature by Republican lawmakers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wyoming Department of Agriculture said on Tuesday that it will take the matter into its state court system to try to overturn the law.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wyoming law, which passed in August, would allow men to have sex with animals if they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 had not already done so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The state's Republican Governor, Matt Mead, said he opposes such bills because they "put women at risk."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "If you can't get laid from your wife, you can't get laid from animals," Mead said at the time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wyoming law, which passed in August, would allow men to have sex with animals if they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 had not already done so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The state's Republican Governor, Matt Mead, said he opposes such bills because they "put women at risk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man kisses his dog as they leave the scene of a shooting outside of a nightclub in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nevada. REUTERS/Steve Marcus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wyoming has long been a stronghold of the right-wing U.S. Senate. The state's Republican Governor,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Matt Mead, is known for having a hard time dealing with Democrats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 2014, the state legislature passed a bill that would have made it legal for a man to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 have sex with a dog. The bill was defeated in the Republican-controlled state senate,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and was later defeated in the state's House of Representatives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man walks past billboard advertising a local abortion clinic in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S. October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Steve Marcus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MARKSMANSHIP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mead's opposition to the law has come under scrutiny after a U.S. intelligence report in October found}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that the practice was widespread, largely legal. The report, which was based on interviews with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 government officials, officials from animal welfare groups, and other sources, said the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 practice of performing abortions on dogs was "not supported by scientific evidence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE WYOMING LAW}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Wyoming Legislature recently passed a bill that would legalize the sale of fur}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 brim hats, dog collars, and other animal accessories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new law, known as the Wyoming Fur and New York Collars Act, says it's legal to own}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 any animal-related item that has been previously used for medical purposes, and that the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 owner can sell it if they so choose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bill also allows the owner to keep the animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the law passes, hunters and trappers in Wyoming will be able to buy and sell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anything from pets they kill, to horses and zebras, to cows and pigs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS AND TRAPLING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hunting, trapping, and fishing for game is regulated by state law. The Wyoming Game and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wildlife Department maintains a list of approved game species.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GAME PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Artisanal Alchemist (Artifact trait) - You gain a charge of [Alchemy] when you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 apply the Artisanal Alchemist to any healing spell cast by a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Pact] now also removes all damage over time effects from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Pact] now also reduces all damage caused by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    target by 50% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence] now also increases the target's healing by 50%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Bloodthirst] now also increases the target's damage done to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    targets by 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Strike] (Artifact trait) - Increases the damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    next [Blood Strike] by 15% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Alchemist's Alchemical Tools] (Artifact trait) - Your next [Alchemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Alignment] (restoration) cast within 20 seconds no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    This ability no longer requires a blood sacrifice, and is not consumed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Alchemists Alchemy: Ritual, Alchemy: Alchemical Elixir, or Alchemy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Alchemy: Alchemical Elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Alchemist's Alchemical Tools] (Artifact trait) - The next time you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    apply your [Alchemy: Alchemy: Ritual] to a target, the damage done is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced by 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Alchemists Alchemy: Ritual] (Artifact trait) - The damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    next [Alchemy: Alchemy: Ritual] is increased by 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the first of a two-part series looking at the history of magic in World of Warcraft. Read Part One and Part Two.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE FOURTH JACKET}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the wake of the Great War, the Alliance and the Horde have begun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 converting their land into a sprawling industrial zone known as Dazar'alor, where they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will work together to create an entirely new kind of steel-domed city. These}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 are people who have been called by the Alliance to help them rebuild their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nation, and they want you to be one of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first step in this process is to secure the location of Dazar'alor for the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, you'll be able to find allies such as Highlord Kazzak and the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naxxramas in the Dazar'alor area (the latter of which is to the northwest of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zul Tiras).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DURING THE FALL OF DARAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the course of several weeks, you'll join with the Alliance and the Horde in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 working toward Dazar'alor. Along the way, you'll battle against a number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 different enemies, including a pair of new boss-type encounters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All new weekly quests have been added to help you and your party out! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Get your copy of the weekly Dazar'alor quest, " [82] Escape from Dazar'alor" by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      talking to Kazzak in the Dazar'alor area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Head to the Alliance Garrison in Dazar'alor to speak with Kazzak again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Head to the Horde Garrison in Dazar'alor to speak with Kazzak again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now talk to Captain Kayce when you are in Dazar'alor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now speak with Kazzak again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Horde and Alliance have found themselves at war with a terrifying new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      enemy power, and they're ready to open a new front in the war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of the Crusader] and Seal of Justice can now be combined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Insight] redesigned. Now allows for increased damage and healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and increases the duration of your [Holy Shock] by 5 seconds (up from 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of Redemption]'s mana cost has been increased to 50% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of Redemption]'s mana cost has been increased to 50% of base mana.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostfire Bolt] and [Frostfire Shield] damage has been reduced by roughly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Rocket Pack] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Sapper] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth]'s damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth]'s mana cost has been increased to 50% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth]'s mana cost has been increased to 50% of base}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Talisman of the Earth] damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link] now works when both you and your target are in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit Tap] is now available to all raid and party members. Spirit Tap}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    allows you to use a heal on yourself and your target. You can only have one Spirit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Tap active on you at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new spell effect for [Spirit Tap] is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit Bomb] damage has been increased by roughly 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Insight] now increases your spell damage by 10% per level (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    2% per level).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Insight] has been redesigned. You gain 3% spell power per level,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    stacking up to 5 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Insight] now increases your spell damage by 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Mind Flay]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Requires level 60. Will drain the mind of the target and all nearby}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Cast time and range increased to 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Casting speed increased to 30% of normal movement speed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chance of confusion reduced to 1/3/5% chance, up from 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Duration of Mind Flay increased to 2 seconds, up from 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage per hit reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Range of Mind Flay increased to 3 yards, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration rate increased to 60%, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana pool reduced to 20% of normal mana, down from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration increased to 70%, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit increased to 10, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * No longer causes confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration increased to 90%, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit increased to 10, up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit increased to 2.5, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 20%, down from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit reduced to 8.5, down from 9.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit increased to 4.5, up from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 10%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit reduced to 5.5, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit reduced to 7.5, down from 8.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost per hit reduced to 9.5, down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 9, down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 17, down from 18.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Cooldown reduced to 45 seconds, down from 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana Regeneration increased to 30% of normal mana, down from 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration increased to 50%, up from 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration increased to 40%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana regeneration increased to 20%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Enhancement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tremor Totem] redesigned. Now, summoning two totems with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the same range as the target grants 10 Runic Power and 15 Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage bonus increased to 110%, up from 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost reduced to 25, down from 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lifebloom] no longer requires a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Lifebloom now works with all targets in range, not just the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          closest target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lightwell] is now usable on all targets, not just the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          closest target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] and [Renew] now deal damage over time, not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage over duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Solace] now works properly with all targets, not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          only the target's closest target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Restoration Aura] and [Healing Aura] now work properly with all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          targets, not just the target's closest target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The healing aura from [Healing Touch] now always heals the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          closest target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The healing aura from Restoration Aura now always heals the closest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shard of the Fusing Heart] and [Lightning Bolt] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Strike] (Lightning) damage increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Strike] is now available to all Lightning Shock spellcasters, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             the damage done by Lightning Shock is increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Bolt] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Shock] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Storm] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Bolt] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Vortex] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Lightning Overload] (Lightning) damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Ancestral Awakening] has been replaced with a new passive ability: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Lightning Shield]. Lightning Shield now reduces damage taken by 30% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          20%), and healing received from the target by 30% of normal healing (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Bolt] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shock] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Overload] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Overload] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s duration is now 8 seconds (up from 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s cooldown is now 8 seconds (up from 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s periodic healing now heals the target for a maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of 1688 (up from 1578).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces damage taken by 30% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           20%), and healing received from the target by 30% of normal healing (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s duration is now 8 seconds (up from 6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s periodic healing now heals the target for a maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            of 1688 (up from 1578).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also affects Lightning Bolt and Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A couple of weeks ago I wrote an article called "The Problem With The Internet", where I argued that the internet wasn't working properly, that it was causing problems, and that the only solution was to stop using the internet. Well, it turns out that I was wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just a couple of days later, a new article appeared in the same magazine called: "Why You Should Stop Using The Internet", and this time around I'm going to try to explain why I'm not using the internet anymore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was the Problem With The Internet?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of my main points in the article was that the internet was causing problems. But I also argued that there was no real problem with the internet. I mean, why bother using the internet if you don't have to?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, I guess I was wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Problem With The Internet}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with the internet was that it was confusing. There was no logical reason behind it. We all had our own little little theory of how the internet worked that we agreed should be the case. It wasn't until the very end of the article that I realized that I was wrong, and it took me a while to realize it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Problem With The Internet}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with the internet is that it was confusing. There was no logical reason behind it. We all had our own little theory of how the internet worked that we agreed should be the case. It wasn't until the very end of the article that I realized that I was wrong, and it took me a while to realize it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is a VPN?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A VPN is a piece of software that lets you connect to the internet without having a connection to the internet. Instead, you're communicating with a server that is connected to the internet by way of a wired or wireless connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is a VPN?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A VPN is a piece of software that lets you connect to the internet without having a connection to the internet. Instead, you're communicating with a server that is connected to the internet by way of a wired or wireless connection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is a VPN?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [WoW] has a new interface option that allows you to connect to the internet using a wired or wireless connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [V-key] or V-keyless authentication are now available for PC and Mac users.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [V-key] or V-keyless authentication are now available for PC and Mac users.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [V-key] or V-keyless authentication allow you to communicate with a server that is connected to the internet by way of a wired or wireless connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 V-key or V-keyless authentication are now available for PC and Mac users.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Troubleshooting}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're aware of some issues that may have caused some players to experience reduced performance. Please try these troubleshooting tips:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gift of the Emperor] and [Molten Core] are now obtainable by all classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of quest items were giving out more than the intended number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    charges. They should now be correctly displaying their intended effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer complete the quest [90 Daily] [The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Most Dangerous Object] in one sitting if they are in a guild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer complete the quest [90 Daily] [The Most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Dangerous Game] in one sitting if they are in a guild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer complete the quest [90 Daily] [The Most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Dangerous Game] in one sitting if they are in a guild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer complete the quest [90 Daily] [The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Most Dangerous Game] in one sitting if they are in a guild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of quest items were giving out more than the intended number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    charges. They should now be correctly displaying their intended effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game] is now available to players who are members of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Honor Hold or the Bloodborne Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game] is now available to players who are members of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bloodborne Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game] is now available to players who are members of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Alliance Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game] is now available to players who are members of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Alliance Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game] is now available to players who are members of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Horde Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer complete the quest [90 Daily] [The Most Dangerous Game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   ].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Savage Roar]: Now grants 5% of mana and 4% of hit chance to the attacker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftmend]: If you have a target suffering from Spirit of Redemption,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    you can now use [Revive] or [Sending Shock] to heal that target for 15% of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maximum mana every 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Taste for Blood]: Now works like [Prayer of Mending], healing the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5% of your maximum health over 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Whiplash]: The damage done by [Taste for Blood] is no longer increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now increases the damage of your next Execute by 1/2/3/4/5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with a 4-second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage of your next [Vampiric Touch] by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of your next [Vampiric Touch] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage dealt by your next [Vampiric Touch] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also improves your Vampiric Touch damage by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next [Vampiric Touch] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also decreases the cooldown of your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also decreases the cooldown of your next Vampiric Touch by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also decreases the critical strike chance of your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also reduces the cooldown of your next Vampiric Touch by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also reduces the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also reduces the cooldown of your next Vampiric Touch by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also reduces the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of your next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Vampiric Touch by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury]: Now also increases the damage done by your next Vampiric Touch by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIEST}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit of Redemption]: All damage you deal has a chance to be increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5% of your spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Focus]: Now reduces the cost of [Teleport] by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Focus]: Now also increases the damage of your Teleport by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Mastery]: Now reduces the cast time of Teleport by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Resistance]: Now reduces the chance you'll be critically hit by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    next Teleport by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Resistance]: Now also increases the damage of your Teleport by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Resilience}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Wowpedia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the full list of Battle.net Support issues and solutions, please visit our Battle.net Support forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE.NET IMPROVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For patch 5.0.2, we did a significant upgrade to the Battle.net framework.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHARACTER AND CLASS CHANGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight [Blood] - [Blood Frenzy] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Hunter [Destructive Might] - [Destructive Tempest] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight [Deadly Calm] - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Restoration) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Defensive) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Enhancement) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Restoration) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Restoration) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Restoration) - [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death Knight (Restoration) -  [Deadly Calm] now costs 20 Runic Power (was 25).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Hunter [Banish] - Now causes Fear, Poison and Disease to reduce the target's movement speed by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Hunter (Destruction) - Now causes Fear, Poison and Disease to reduce the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    movement speed by 50% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TECHNICAL SUPPORT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNIQUE QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UniqUE has been added to the game. UniqUE is a quest hub that will take you to the heart}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of Azeroth and provide you with more quests than you could ever wish to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNIQUE QUEST HUB: AZSHARA}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UniqUE is now open to players who have completed the previously-open Azshara quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " [85] Fulfilling Your Quest" in Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SUBTERFUGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Subterfuge mechanic has been removed from all dungeons and raids.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dancing in the Moonlight}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dancing in the Moonlight is a new nighttime quest hub that will allow you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dance as you would a celestial.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEON: MOUNT HYJAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your efforts to rescue the Princess of the Moon have brought you to the darkest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 place on Earth. The depths of the Twilight Realm lie beneath the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mountainous entrance to the Twilight Realm, and only the most dedicated of adventurers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can reach them. Speak with Lady Talacia in the Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following new gems can be found on the planets of the solar systems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Level 110 weapons now have increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All ranks of the Arcane Resistance Restoration Paladin ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Vampiric Touch] and [Vampiric Touch] have now been removed. Their effects have been incorporated into the new spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new spell has been added to the Destruction talent tree: [Drain Mana]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Mana] causes the target to have no mana for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage from [Lightning Bolt] and [Thunderbolt] is increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Mana regeneration is increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Overload] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Overload] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lightning Bolt now deals twice the normal damage and is no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          affected by haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Bolt] now deals twice the normal damage and is no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          affected by haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Overload] no longer has a duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now has a duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] no longer has a duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s effect has been changed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Lightning Shield now increases the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 20%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             instead of increasing the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield]'s effect has been changed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Lightning Shield] now increases the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             instead of increasing the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lightning Shield now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Lightning Shield] now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lightning Shield's effect has been changed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Lightning Shield now increases the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              instead of increasing the damage done by Lightning Bolt by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Lightning Shield now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Lightning Shield's effect has been changed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Lightning Shield now also reduces the mana cost of Lightning Bolt by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ability to use [Shroud of the Forgotten] has been removed and replaced with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Shadowy Apparitions]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      *  [Shroud of the Forgotten] has been removed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shadowy Apparitions] no longer has a spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shadowy Apparitions] causes the target's shadow to be cast over the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target, absorbing damage from the target's attacks for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadowy Apparitions no longer has a spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s damage has been increased by 400%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Word: Pain now deals increased damage of its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            maximum range to all targets, and costs 20 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals increased damage of its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           maximum range to all targets, and costs 20 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals increased damage of its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            maximum range to all targets, and costs 20 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s mana cost has been increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals increased damage of its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          maximum range to all targets, and costs 20 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s mana cost has been increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shadow Word: Pain]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Shadow Nova]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Nova now deals increased damage of its full maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            range to all targets, and costs 20 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Nova now costs 15 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Nova no longer deals increased damage of its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            maximum range to all targets, and now costs 10 Runic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Nova now costs 10 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Word: Pain can no longer be cast on more than one}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Spirit Walk now costs 20 Spirit, and now lasts 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit Tap] no longer has a duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit Tap]'s mana cost has been decreased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Insight]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Insight] now costs 15 Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Precision]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Precision] now costs 15 Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Surge]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Surge] now costs 15 Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Strength]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Swiftness]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Surge]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spiritual Mastery]'s damage has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new item that drops from the new enemy faction warbosses in Eastern Kingdoms is the [Fiery Warsteel].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Collect this powerful weapon and wield it to become the deadliest warrior in all of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zeeland.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FACTION: ARDRON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ardron is a new faction that will allow you to customize your character with a new set of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 character features, including:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character customization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All professions and specializations have been expanded with the addition of new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 factions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: THE PASSAGEWAY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Passewhay are a group of savage, evil-doer creatures that appear in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eastern Kingdoms. They have been captured by the Zandalari, who intend to use the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay as a staging ground for an invasion of Azeroth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW TALENT MODE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take part in a daring plot to save the Passewhay and free the allies of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 their captors by infiltrating their lair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW TRIAL OF VALOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: ASTRONAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: ULTRASUR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: ULTRASUR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: ULTRASUR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the Passewhay is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: MOUNT HYJAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: HYJAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: HYJAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NARUTO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW ZONE: TARDEH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for Mount Hyjal is still in progress. You can help the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Passewhay's defenders by sabotaging the war machines and causing a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 diversion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: NEW}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Spell: [Focused Power]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Focused Power]: All damage-absorption effects have a chance to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Focused Power]: Now has a chance to trigger when the druid takes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           damage from the Druid's damage-over-time spells (Enrage,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Enrage, Glyph of Glyph of Enrage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of Enrage by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Enrage]: Increases the duration of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Enrage by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Might is a new passive ability learned by Druids at level 45. It's a stamina-based ability that increases your chance to dodge by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mangle] damage has been increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Mangle] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Snare] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Underbog damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Underbog now has the same visual effect as Improved Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Underbog] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Enrage] cost increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Frostbolt] cost increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fire Nova] cost increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] cost increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash cost increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lava Lash] damage increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Lava Lash damage increased by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'The most powerful weapon in the universe'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * New Raid Item:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Dragon Egg}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Dragon Egg is a new Raid item that brings together}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the best of both worlds: the Emerald Dream and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Forgotten Dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All-new "Darkmoon Faire" events will return to Azshara in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    new "Legacy of the Dragon", a new quest hub, and new faction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    guildhouse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new guildhouse is in the heart of the Emerald Dream, located}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    just south of the Emerald Dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Emerald Dream is a new zone type for the Emerald Dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New profession, and new title options for the blacksmithing profession}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New armor and weapons have been added to the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The blacksmithing profession has been improved. It now requires materials}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that can be found in the Emerald Dream, as well as some new recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Soul Shard] can now only be crafted by the blacksmithing profession and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the [Crystal Shard].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Crystal Shard can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] is now considered a Basic Iron Ingot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Crystal Shard can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for building a crystal bomb can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Crystal Shard recipe can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Crystal Shard recipe can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for building a crystal bomb can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Armor and weapons can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The crystal bomb can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Crystal Shard recipe can now be crafted by the blacksmithing profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    profession.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the [Crystal Shard] can now be crafted by the blacksmithing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FURY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mortal Strike] damage has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] now also increases the duration of Blood Frenzy by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    25%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Power] now increases the damage done by Arcane Power by 10% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] now also increases the duration of Blood Frenzy by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] now also increases the damage done by Arcane Power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now also be used while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now also be used while in [Mistweaver] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now also be used while in [Mistweaver] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now be used while in [Mistweaver] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now also be used while in [Mistweaver] form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] now also increases the damage done by Arcane Power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Scent of Blood] can now also be used while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MONK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chi Burst] is now instant cast, and costs no Chi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Wounds] damage has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Healing Mist] has been removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deadly Calm] healing has been increased to 70% of normal healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hemorrhage] now heals the target for 5% of their maximum health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Icebound Fortitude] now also increases the duration of Frozen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Fortitude by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Knife Specialization] now also increases the damage done by Knife Special}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Specialization by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Poison Bomb] now also has the same effects as Improved Knife}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Poison Bomb] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Knife Specialization] now also increases the damage done by Knife Special}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Specialization by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Knife Specialization] now also increases the damage done by Knife}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Specialization by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] now also has the same effects as Improved Slice and Dice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Knife Specialization] now also increases the damage done by Sword}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Specialization by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Knife Specialization] can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Knife Specialization can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved Knife Specialization can now be applied while in Mistweaver form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Slice and Dice] now also has the same effects as Improved Slice and Dice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHAMAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stormstrike] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drain Soul] mana cost has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demon Skin] now increases armor by 10% (was 15%), and now reduces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    enemy damage by 20% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Destruction Demon] mana cost has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Presence] now reduces damage taken by a target with at least 70%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Spring Totem] now heals the target for 4% of their maximum health (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    5%), and now increases the damage done by your Destruction spell by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link] now heals the target for 4% of their maximum health (was 5%), and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases the damage done by your Destruction spell by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Siph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] damage increased by 9%, but damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swiftmend] cooldown has been reduced to 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mangle] generation increased by 25%, and now generates 5 stacks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Mangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] can now be applied to [Brawn] and [Frenzy], and costs 30 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now makes the druid immune to root and snare effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot]'s effect is now passive instead of being a proc on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       all damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now also reduces the cooldown of Blessing of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Sun by 15 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now also increases the damage done by Blessing of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Sun by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] now also reduces the cooldown of Mangle by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense]: Now also increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Savage Defense by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swiftmend]: This talent no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now has a new visual effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot] now makes the druid immune to root and snare effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ursol's Vortex] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aimed Shot] damage increased by 35%, and cost reduced to 50 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Aimed Shot now costs 50 rage, and now generates 3 extra shots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Aimed Shot damage bonus increased to 50% and damage reduction increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       50%, but damage bonus to ranged attacks reduced to 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Aimed Shot now costs 50 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Aimed Shot has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aimed Shot] now costs 50 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Shot] damage increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Shot] now costs 50 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Shot]: This talent no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Shot]: This talent now costs 50 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arctic Reach] (Arctic Reach) now also causes [Flare] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       generate 3 additional shots for hunters, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Might of Ursoc] now increases ranged attack power by 3% (was 2%) when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the hunter is in Frost or [Cold Snap], down from 5% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Might of Ursoc] now increases melee attack power by 2% (was 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Might of Ursoc] now also increases ranged attack power by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mend Pet] cost increased to 20 rage, down from 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Predatory Instincts] damage reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Precise Shot]: This talent now costs 20 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Precise Shot]: This talent now costs 5 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Predatory Instincts]: This talent now costs 5 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scent of Blood] now has a 2-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scent of Blood] now has a 6-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent no longer costs rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 5 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 10 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 20 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 5 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 10 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: This talent now costs 20 rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new quest, The Hero's Journey, is now available for level 90 characters. This new quest will allow players to gain access to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         : [Heroic Keystone] and [Eternal Flame].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Players will now be able to open their [Heroic Keystone] to transform}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            into [Eternal Flame], granting +20% damage and healing done to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            targets, and also giving the Paladin a chance to gain Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The reward for completing this new quest is a new cross-class special effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            mount, which can be equipped by both Holy and Nature, for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            a limited time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New quests have been added to the daily quest log for all five continents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Players can now access these quests by speaking with any of three}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          vendors in Zul'Gurub, Tirisfal Glades, and Stonecore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Zul'Gurub}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * The Zandalari have taken over Zandalar and now all that remains is for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               the heroes of the Horde and Alliance to stop them. It starts with a quick}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               quick talk with a Zandalarian diplomat, and ends with you and a handful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               of your closest allies on the front lines of this battle for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Zandalar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Once the battle for Zandalar has been won, the Zandalari return to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               capital, and your task will be to stop them once and for all!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New quests have been added to the daily quest log for all five continents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           The Zandalari have taken over Zandalar and now all that remains is for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the heroes of the Horde and Alliance to stop them. It starts with a quick}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           talk with a Zandalarian diplomat, and ends with you and a handful of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           your closest allies on the front lines of this battle for Zandalar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Once the battle for Zandalar has been won, the Zandalari return to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              capital, and your task will be to stop them once and for all!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Once the battle for Zandalar has been won, the Zandalari}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               return to their capital, and your task will be to stop them once and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for all!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Zandalari have taken over Zandalar and now all that remains is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            for the heroes of the Horde and Alliance to stop them. It starts with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            quick talk with a Zandalarian diplomat, and ends with you and a handful of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            your closest allies on the front lines of this battle for Zandalar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Once the battle for Zandalar has been won, the Zandalari return to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              capital, and your task will be to stop them once and for all!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Once the battle for Zandalar has been won, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75% health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Holy Light] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Holy Radiance] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Benediction] now increases the damage of your next Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Power by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Judgement of Wisdom] now also increases your critical strike chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of your next Holy Power by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prayer of Fortitude] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wrath] now costs 20 Holy Power (was 30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sanctity Aura] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sanctity] now heals for 50% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Attunement] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Insight] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Guidance] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Guidance] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Insight] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Guidance] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Insight] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Guidance] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Guidance] now heals for 75% of your maximum health (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Insight] now costs 20 (was 30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Light] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wisdom] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wisdom] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       to allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wisdom] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Wisdom] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Might] is now a passive ability that grants Holy Power to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spiritual Might] now heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Light] is now a passive ability that grants Light to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       allies, and increases your healing received by 1.5/3/5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Light] is now a passive ability that grants Light to allies, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Truth] is now a passive ability that grants Light to allies,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       heals for 100% of your maximum health (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The legendary gear you can find in Pandaria is now on sale!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Get your very own [Gloves of the Wild] by visiting your faction's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        official Pandaren Auction House.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Loot from the rarest Pandaren can now be found in the [Pandaren}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Pendant of the Violet Eye], a new item that allows you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       transmogrify any item into a [Gloves of the Wild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Sandalar of the Dawn], used by the Pandaren Air Nomads,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       is now a legendary item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Darksteel Bangle] and [Darksteel Spaulders] have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Goblin Sapper Charge], used by the Kor'kron in the Kor'kron vs. Kor'kron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       War, has been converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Duskblade Strike], used by the Kor'kron in the Kor'kron vs. Kor'kron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       War, has been converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP & BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 is now available and purchasable from the Honor System}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground level 110 gear is now available from Honor Hold vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Shield] cooldown reduced to 30 seconds, down from 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue Weapon] damage increased by 50%, and damage bonus to Holy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced to 50%, down from 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Concentration] is now available to Holy Paladins, replacing Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIEST}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit Tap] and [Spiritual Insight] can now be cast while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit Tap] mana cost reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spiritual Insight] is now available to Holy Paladins, replacing Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ambush] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deadly Calm]'s cooldown increased to 2 minutes, down from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deadly Calm] now lasts 8 seconds, down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entrapment] now deals damage every 2 seconds (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] is now available to all Rogues, up from just Shadow Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frenzy] now lasts 8 seconds, down from 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor] now increases your damage by 6%, and your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strike chance by 6% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor] now increases your damage by 6%, and your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strike chance by 6% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor] damage increased to 120% weapon damage (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    150%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor] now lasts 12 seconds, down from 18.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fervor] damage added to all attacks, including auto-attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Assassination] damage increased to 120% weapon damage (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    150%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Assassination] is now available to all Rogues, up from just Shadow Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Assassination] damage added to all attacks, including auto-attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Focus Fire] damage increased to 125% weapon damage (was 100}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new item is now available for the [Windfury] spell:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury]. This new item is available in Mistweaver, [Windfury,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        and Stormshroud trinkets] and costs 100 Runic Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury] is a new spell available to all druids at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] is a short-term, high-damage spell that deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          normal weapon damage, but also grants the druid the abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of a stormshroud, allowing the druid to move and attack enemies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          while cloaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] is used to empower two friendly targets, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          heals them for 50% of the damage done. Windfury is a passive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ability, meaning that it is always on, but does not activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] is available to all druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] is a new spell available to all druids. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Windfury] causes a powerful blast of wind in front of the druid,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            damaging enemies in front of the druid, and causing them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            to bleed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury]'s cooldown has been reduced to 60 seconds, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration has been increased to 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury]'s cooldown has been reduced to 6 seconds, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration has been increased to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury]'s duration has been increased to 60 seconds, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration has been increased to 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windfury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury]'s duration has been increased to 6 seconds, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage has been reduced to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Windfury] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Windfury] now causes [Windfury] to cause up to 200%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increased damage, but no longer triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Stormshroud] now causes [Stormshroud] to cause }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          up to 200% increased damage, but no longer triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Weapon] now causes [Unbreakable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Weapon] to cause up to 200% increased damage, but no longer triggers a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Valor] now causes [Valor] to generate 2 Rage, but no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Swiftmend] now causes [Swiftmend] to generate 2 Rage, but no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          longer triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're still a ways away from an official announcement from Blizzard Entertainment, but here's what you can expect from the next patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: CURRENCY SYSTEM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The currency that players use to purchase items from each class (Hunter, Monk, Paladin, Priest, Rogue, Shaman,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warlock, Warrior, and Warrior-only) has been completely redesigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system is now a global shared currency between all players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system is now available to players on all realms, with a minimum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    player cap of 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There is now a new currency system that will work for items in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will be able to exchange their currency for real money at a bank in the game world,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provided that the currency you're exchanging for is a good quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system does not currently support the Dampening system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will be able to exchange their currency for real money at a bank in the game world, provided that the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    currency you're exchanging for is a good quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players who have already purchased a Cenarion Circle item will be able to find that item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    in their inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items will be available as a currency in the game world at the start of a transaction for a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    short time. This means that if you buy an item that costs 100 gold you can sell it for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that same 100 gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items will be available to be sold to other players at a low market price.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: IMPROVED BRAWLER'S GUILD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The brawling and slashing action of the new brawler's guild will come to a new location in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Broken Shore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will find the Broken Shore brawler's guild in the Broken Shore, near the docks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There will be only a handful of brawlers wandering around the Broken Shore during}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the first week, but the brawlers will be much more numerous and more dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Broken Shore has changed! The Broken Shore has changed. Brawlers will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fight each other, and instead will fight for control of specific areas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Broken Shore is now a fully-fledged zone, complete with new quests, new pet and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pet trainer, vendors and lots of new loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new class skill, which will allow them to learn new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maneuvers, including backhands and kneeswalls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new melee attack, which will allow them to use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new move, which will allow them to use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn two new special moves, which will allow them to use}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    more weapons, and one new special move to fight in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new pet, which will allow them to train in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of specializations, including the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Brawler,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Striker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new two-handed melee attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new two-handed melee attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new move to fight in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new move to fight in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new special move, which will allow them to use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn a new move to fight in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new pet, which will allow them to train in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of specializations, including the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Brawler,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Striker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new pet, which will allow them to train in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of specializations, including the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Brawler.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New pet skills and pet talents will be available to all brawlers who have at least}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    one level 15 pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW BRAWLER PUG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Brawling Man is back, and it's time for you to fight your way across the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broken Shore. Take on opponents from across the Broken Shore, and get ready to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take on the Brawling Man himself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brawl to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Banish] no longer triggers off the target's spellcasting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] is a new glyph that increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             duration of Shadow Word: Pain by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             immediately heal the target for 100% Shadow damage and remove all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             damage over time effects from the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] no longer causes Shadow Word: Pain to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             immediately heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Word: Pain no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to instantly heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Shadow Word: Pain no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to instantly heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] no longer causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to instantly heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to instantly heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to instantly heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately heal the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Word: Pain] now causes Shadow Word: Pain to immediately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * New Spell: [Focused Power]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Requires level 60 and is available on trainers at level 45 and above}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           and costs 5 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Reduces damage taken by 4% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Reduces damage taken by 10% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lasts 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * New Spell: [Glyph of [Soul Fire]]: Reduces damage taken by 30% (previously}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          30%) for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Reduces damage taken by 10% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Spell: [Glyph of Soul Fire] (all ranks): Reduces all damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Reduces damage taken by 30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Spell: [Glyph of Soul Fire] (all ranks): Reduces all damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Reduces damage taken by 30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Spell: [Glyph of Soul Fire] (all ranks): Reduces all damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Reduces damage taken by 30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Spell: [Glyph of Soul Cleave] (all ranks): Reduces all damage taken by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Lasts 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New Spell: [Glyph of Soul Barrier] (all ranks): Reduces all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            taken by 30% for all allies within 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're pleased to announce that the new system for Battle for Azeroth has been implemented. Battle for Azeroth is a free-to-play experience that takes the elements of a raid group \endash  solo or in a party \endash  and creates a fully fleshed-out, fully-realized}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 battle for the battleground. Battle for Azeroth will be available in all major game versions starting at level 90}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and will be available in both Normal and Raid difficulty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW BRAWLER'S GUILD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new Brawl'n'Grill has opened up the doors to the new Brawl'n'Goblin camp in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Westfall Mountains. This new location provides a safe haven for the most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 opportunistic brawlers and allows for the introduction of a new type of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 brawl: the "Battle of Gragal's Pass."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW TALENT HALL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle of Gragal's Pass will be the location of the next challenge for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 all four factions in the Battle for Azeroth raid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a solo raid mission with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 difficulty level of Normal or Normal Hard. Upon reaching Gragal's Pass,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players will unlock the new Talents and PvP Talents system that will allow players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 select any specialization level and skill level from that specialization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TALENT HALL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every three months, a new tier of talent will be added to the Talents and PvP Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 system. These Talents will improve the specialization of a player's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent pool, provide new rotational options and unlock additional Talents. The Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and PvP Talents system unlocks the following Talents every three months:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood Presence (passive) - Increases damage done by all damage spells by 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood Strike (passive) - Deals additional damage with all weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death Strike (passive) - Deals additional damage with weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and Mending}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and Mending}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and Mending}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mortal Strike (passive) - Inflicts additional damage on all attacks,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dealing damage based on the specialization of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood Presence (passive) - Increases damage done by all damage spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          20% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood Strike (passive) - Deals additional damage with all weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death Strike (passive) - Deals additional damage with weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Mending effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Mending effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mortal Strike (passive) - Inflicts additional damage on all attacks,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           dealing damage based on the specialization of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Mending effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Inspiring Presence (passive) - Increases health, damage, healing and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Mending effects by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Shadow Focus (passive) - Increases damage done by all damage spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             by 10% while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Shadow Focus (passive) - Increases damage done by all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Mortal Strike]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Level 24, Damage per tick 15%, Number of attacks 5, Damage per second 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Cooldown reduced to 1.5 seconds, damage per tick 15%, Damage per second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            reduced to 9%, Damage per second 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Mortal Strike]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Level 24, Damage per tick 15%, Number of attacks 5, Damage per second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            reduced to 9%, Damage per second 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Mortal Strike]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Level 24, Damage per tick 15%, Number of attacks 5, Damage per second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            reduced to 9%, Damage per second 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Now costs 300 Runic Power (was 400).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The amount of threat generated by all damage-over-time spells has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       reduced by approximately 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All damage-over-time spells now apply a flat amount of the damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       taken by the target to the target rather than taking damage from a specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new passive ability has been added for the Feral: [Master's Call].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Feral will never stand in the way of his or her master's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Master's Call causes the Feral to become incredibly calm and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           composed, granting the Feral the ability to concentrate on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           task at hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Feral will not become enraged or aggressive if he or she is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           struck by a melee attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Feral will not become enraged or aggressive if he or she is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           struck by a ranged attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Feral will not become enraged or aggressive if he or she is struck}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by an AoE attack that does not originate from him or her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The Feral will not become enraged or aggressive if he or she is struck by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           an AoE attack that does not originate from him or her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Feral will not become enraged or aggressive if he or she is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          struck by a melee attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Feral will not become enraged}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new level 60 quest has been added for those looking for a quick fix. It is now in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           south east of the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level 60 quest for this quest will be available on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           southern edge of the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * This quest will only be available to level 60 characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level 60 quest will not reward any additional experience or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          favor with the Orgrimmar and Dazar'alor factions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level 60 quest will only reward two [Landsmeet Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Landsmeet Tokens] are a new mountable consumable that is available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          at level 60 and has a cooldown of 45 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Landsmeet Tickets].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Landsmeet Tickets].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 70 characters will automatically receive one or two [Landsmeet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tokens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [85] A New Hope" is now complete and cannot be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        All quests that lead to the location of The Temple of Ahune are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        available on the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [85] The Long Dark" is now complete and cannot be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        All quests that lead to the location of The Temple of Ahune are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        available on the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [85] The Hunt for the Sun-Touched" is now complete and cannot be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The quest " [85] The Secret of the Sun-Touched" is now complete and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            can be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The quest " [85] The Secret of the Sun-Touched" is now complete and cannot}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The quest " [85] The Return of the Sun-Touched" is now complete and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            cannot be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The quest " [85] The Secret of the Sun-Touched" is now complete and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            cannot be disenranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A week after the release of its second patch, the World of Warcraft team is having a chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Game Director Mike Morhaime and Senior Game Designer Jeff Kaplan are having a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       chat about upcoming changes, and we're providing a transcript.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you have questions or concerns, please visit the forum thread titled: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blizzcon Chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dev Diary] - September 25, 2016}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Devblog] - September 24, 2016}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground objective objectives have been added, and the number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          remaining battleground objectives has been capped at 12. The cap has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increased from 12 to be consistent with the number of battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          objectives in Mists of Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objective timers have been reduced to 2 seconds, down from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives no longer have a cap on their duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives now appear in the Battleground objective}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives now disappear when a player leaves the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives can only be seen by party members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective window is now larger than it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives are now visible in the objective list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objective timers have been reduced to 2 seconds, down from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives now appear in the objective list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective timer has been changed to appear as a circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objective timers no longer have a cap on their duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to disappear when a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective timer has been changed to appear as a circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives no longer have a cap on their duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective timer has been changed to appear as a circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives no longer have a cap on their duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives have been added, and the number of battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       objectives has been capped at 12. The cap has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       be consistent with the number of battleground objectives in Mists of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives now appear in the objective list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective timer has been changed to appear as a circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objectives now disappear when a player leaves the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Battleground objective timer has been changed to appear as a circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground objective timers are now visible in the objective list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to disappear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to disappear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left the battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some battleground objectives to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disappear when a player left}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The time for heroes to strike and unify has come.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the world gathers around you as you embark on a new adventure,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the paladins of the world have assembled for this major event.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The paladins of the world have gathered for this major event.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Hymn] (Holy) now applies Holy Shock to all allies within range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Intervention] (Holy) now applies Holy Shock to all allies within range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Protection] now applies Holy Shock to all allies within range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Protection] now applies Holy Shock to all allies within range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Divine Plea (Holy) now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now applies to a single target (was two).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now grants 25% Holy Shock reduction for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now reduces all damage taken by 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heal] healing is now instant and periodic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] (Holy) now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, up from 25%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] healing is now instant and periodic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock]'s periodic healing has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] healing is now instant and periodic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] healing is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Warmaster] is a new passive ability available to all warriors at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Warmaster is an ability that provides additional damage from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            abilities that cost Stamina. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Bloodthirst] now also provides additional damage from abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              that cost Stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mangle] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mangle] now increases the critical strike chance of Mangle by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       4/7/10% (down from 5/10/15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rolling Thunder] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Rolling Thunder] now increases the critical strike chance of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Rolling Thunder by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now increases the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] by 5/10/15% (down from 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now causes Mangle to also reduce the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          movement speed by 50/100/150% for 10 seconds if the target is on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          receiving end of a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade]'s damage absorption shield now lasts 8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (up from 6 seconds), and its healing shield has been reduced to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          half of its previous effectiveness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now causes Mangle to also reduce the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          movement speed by 50/100/150% for 10 seconds if the target is on the receiving end of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Hidden Blade] now causes Mangle to also reduce the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          movement speed by 50/100/150% for 10 seconds if the target is on the receiving end of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Glyph of Inner Focus now causes Glyph of Inner Focus to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       also cause Inner Focus to generate a Glyph Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Glyph of Inner Focus now causes Glyph of Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Inner Focus to also cause Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph of Glyph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of Glyph of Inner Focus to also cause}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now purchase items from the Cartographer at the Cartographer's Inn in Dalaran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT HILL - [70] THE WILDERNESS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the moment your party is summoned to the Argent Dawn's stronghold of Haven, you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can do anything you want with it. In this new quest, your party will travel to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Dawn's Argent Dawn Outpost to confront the Argent Dawn's leader, Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence, and defeat him to gain access to a new Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Power-Up Pack that you can use in the Argent Dawn's Argent Dawn Tower.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT HILL - [70] THE HEART OF ARGENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the heart of Argent Dawn to confront the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence headmaster, Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack that you can use in the Heart of Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Power-Up Tower.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT DUNGEON - [70] FALLING STARS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the Heart of Argent Dawn to face the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to the Heart of Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence, a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT HILL - [70] THE HEART OF DALARAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the Heart of Argent Dawn to face the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to the Heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Dawn, a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT DUNGEON - [70] THE HEART OF ARGENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the Heart of Argent Dawn to face the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to the Heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Dawn, a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT HEART - [70] THE HEART OF DALARAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the Heart of Argent Dawn to face the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to the Heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argent Dawn, a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following changes have been made to the following dungeons:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Crusade, The Argent Dawn, and The Argent Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Raid Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the damage caused by your damage-over-time abilities by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      targeting your target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the amount of healing you receive from your spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      by targeting your target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the amount of damage your spells cause by targeting your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see how much of your damage absorption is absorbed by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds (Arena, Wintergrasp)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following changes have been made to the following battlegrounds:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Argent Dawn, The Argent Crusade, and The Argent Dawn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}