{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * An overall goal has been reached in Warlords of Draenor. All class}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       items that had an item level higher than 890 have been upgraded to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       level 890, and all class items that had an item level lower than 890 have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       been upgraded to level 890D.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weapons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece Warlords of Draenor weapon enchantment now grants a 40% increase}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of weapon damage per application of [Bladestorm] to the target, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece [Battle-Stones] enchantment now grants a 40% increase of weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage per application of [Bladestorm] to the target, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece [Furor of Battle] enchantment now grants a 40% increase of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       weapon damage per application of [Bladestorm], up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece [Goblin Rocket Helmet] enchantment now grants a 40%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increase of weapon damage per application of [Bladestorm], up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 REPUTATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alliance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now earn Revered reputation by:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Accepting Capturing the Point (Tribute) in Warsong Gulch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Killing Capturing the Point (Tribute) in a Battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Completing the daily quest, [Rewards].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alterac Valley}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now capture a flag in Alterac Valley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will need to own the Alterac Valley to be able to capture}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the flag. Players must own the flag in order to begin capturing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       flags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Spire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players who are level 110 and have unlocked the [Blackrock Spire] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       can now begin to enter the battleground by opening the portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon - Firelord: Enchant Weapon - Firelord is now available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    at level 80. The weapon enchantment now increases the Firelord's melee and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ranged attack power by 2/4/6%, and increases the Firelord's damage by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon - Lightning Shield: Enchant Weapon - Lightning Shield has been redesigned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and renamed Enchant Weapon - Resist Lightning. The enchantment now increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resistance of Lightning Shield targets by 20/40/60% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Amber Shield]: This is now a passive ability for all Druids, but only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    works with [Incarnation: Tree of Life].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Corruption]: The base duration of this spell has been increased to 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds, with a 6 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insect Swarm]: The damage of this spell can now be controlled by players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that are not already within its area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Leaping] (Corrupters): The debuff from this ability has been reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    25% and its cooldown reduced to 3 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lunar Shower]: This buff now only works on Lunar Showers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonkin Form]: This form now has a Stamina and Agility stat, as well}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    as a chance to generate 1 Lunar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no longer start the game with a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap has been increased to level 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Honor and Victory Conditions for each race/class for Warlords of Draenor have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been reduced to 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Night Elves has been increased to level 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Horde players has been increased to level 110.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Alliance players has been increased to level 110.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Night Elves has been increased to level 120.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Alliance players has been increased to level 120.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Horde players has been increased to level 120.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Night Elves has been increased to level 150.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level cap for Alliance players has been increased to level 150.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CURRENCY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Each realm has a currency tab with a set number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    available, and capped at the character's highest World Event gear level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    A realm's currency tab is reset every 12 months and is unaffected by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the character's hard reset history.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOCIAL FEATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players no longer receive a notification when their Internet connection is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       down due to a data breach. An alert will be sent once the player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       attempts to play another match in a day or more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now request a chat log entry every 5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now report a GM for griefing or griefing staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Innervate]: The cooldown on this spell has been reduced from 15}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    minutes to 10 minutes, and the mana cost reduced from 3% to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Grace]: The range on this spell has been increased to 40 yards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (from 30).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swipe]: This spell now deals double damage against targets that are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    immune to movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Balance of Power] redesigned: The primary effect of [In}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Nature's Swiftness] is to add an additional 30% damage to your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [Starfire] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             periodic burst of periodic periodic damage. This effect cannot}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              burst past creatures or structures.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Feral Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Predatory Strikes]: This talent now reduces the target's movement speed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 70% if the Feral }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Regrowth]: This spell now has a 6-second cooldown, and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           duration has been reduced to 8 seconds. In addition, the base}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           mana cost has been reduced to 6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felspine Crusader]: This ability now correctly consumes the effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        from [Nature's Swiftness].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gift of the Elites] removed the duplicative effect of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        [Regrowth] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rake]: This ability now has a fixed visual cast time of 2.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Shot]: This ability now has a cast time of 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Fox]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5 and its patches prior to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Unwavering Sentinel] \endash  This talent now correctly increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage of the Paladin's second-level Holy spell, Holy Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unyielding Faith] \endash  This talent now correctly reduces the damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Holy Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vindicator] \endash  The tooltip now properly reflects that this talent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increases the damage of Holy Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vindication] \endash  This talent now correctly increases the damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Holy Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vindication II] \endash  This talent now correctly increases the damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Holy Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vindication III] \endash  This talent now correctly increases the damage of Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The blacksmithing profession now provides some of the same benefits as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the whitesmithing profession, and some of them for a very large discount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several items have had their effects increased to 50% (from 40%), but with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       a further 10% increase to effect potency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The amount of Honor awarded for a victory in Heroes of the Storm PvP has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased by approximately 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The amount of Honor awarded for a victory in Battlegrounds has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increased by approximately 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arenas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The number of Conquest Points awarded for a victory in each of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       following Rated Battlegrounds has been increased by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The amount of Honor awarded for a victory in each of the following Rated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Battlegrounds has been increased by approximately 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 REALM BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor rewards for winning a random or call-to-arms match in the Realm of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Storms have been increased by approximately 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The amount of Honor awarded for a victory in each of the following Rated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Battlegrounds has been increased by approximately 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death's Advance] (Protector of the Innocent) cooldown has been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    minutes, and duration has been increased to 8 rounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostwyrm's Bite] (Warlock talent) now also increases the damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Death's Bite by 3/6/9/12/15% in addition to its current effects.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thrash] (Demonic) damage done by the warlock and felhound }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    talent increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unholy Blight]'s damage done by the warlock and felhound }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    talent increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demon Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Empowerment] now increases the damage of your [Empowered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Wrath] by 15/30% (was 20/40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tranquility] now heals for an additional 3/6% (was 5%) of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          its full healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Quickdraw] now increases auto-shot damage by 75% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demon Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fel Armor] now also grants 25% Haste (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demon Hunters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fel Aura] now has a 10-second cooldown (was 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mists of Pandaria]: Patch 8.2.4 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mythic Keystone]: Patch 8.2.1 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New World Quests: The Iron Tide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mythic Keystone: Patch 8.2.1 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone: The Path of the Conqueror}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone: The Thunder King's Rest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arenas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The weekly quest, " [120] Victory in Pandaria" now awards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       a [PVP T-Shirt] with the achievement Honor Among Pandaria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUNDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Arena and Honor Points vendors have been removed from the Vale of Eternal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Blossoms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Grace] - Cooldown reduced to 15 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftmend]: This ability will now cause the correct amount of threat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    generated when it triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Power of Nature]: Druids now have the ability to cast this spell on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    their own while in a location that grants them the ability to cast a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    large amount of threat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A bug has been fixed that caused the [Execute] ability to generate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    extra threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unleashed Rage]: Hunters now properly gain the extra threat generated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    when this ability triggers an effect on the target.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blast Wave]: Cooldown reduced to 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard]: Damage increased by approximately 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard]: Targets that are immune to movement slowing effects will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    no longer be affected by the movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Armor]: Targets will no longer be affected by the movement slowing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Bolt]: Targets will no longer be affected by the movement slowing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard]: Targets will no longer be affected by the movement slowing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Plea]: This ability will now be cast on all targets, not just}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the caster's. In addition, it will now always be removed correctly if a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    paladin's own prayer is just about to be consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shield of Righteousness]: Targets will no longer be affected by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shield of Righteousness]: This ability will now be cast on all targets,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    not just the caster's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth]: This seal can no longer be removed with the use}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of the [Holy Light] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth]: This ability will now be cast on all targets, not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    just the caster's. In addition, it will now always be removed correctly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    if a paladin's own prayer is just about to be consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command]: The damage done by this ability no longer scales}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    up based on the paladin's spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Truth]: This ability will now be cast on all targets, not just}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the caster's. In addition, it will now always be removed correctly if a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    paladin's own prayer is just about to be consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command]: This ability will now be cast on all targets, not just}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the caster's. In addition, it will now always be removed correctly if a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    paladin's own prayer is just about to be consumed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pick Pocket]: This ability will no longer cause the paladin's own}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    prayer to be consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rupture]: This ability will no longer cause the paladin's own}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    prayer to be consumed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SKILLS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Craze]: The damage done by this ability no longer scales}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    up based on the paladin's spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Hunt]: The damage done by this ability will now scale with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the paladin's spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blade Weaving]: The damage done by this ability will now scale with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the paladin's spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Golem Technique]: Targets that are immune to movement slowing effects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    will no longer be affected by the movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a] and "Raid of the Dark Portal".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * "A Call to Action" has been added to the game. The Call to Action}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Class Item Sets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following set bonuses have been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Class Armor Sets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following set bonus sets have been added:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Warrior's Plate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Warrior's Plate - bonus armor increased to 55% of armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                of Plate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] cooldown has been lowered to 3 minutes, from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    6 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Supremacy] cooldown has been lowered to 3 minutes, from 6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Rocket Launcher] damage has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gordok Ogre Launcher] damage has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] is now a level-75 talent, replacing [Gordok's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Last Resort].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gnomish Death Ray] damage has been reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gurubashi Elemental Weapon] is now a level-75 talent, replacing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Gurubashi's Off-Hand Weapon].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gurubashi's Weapon of Nature] has been redesigned. Its primary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    purpose is to provide periodic damage from a spell effect, but also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provides periodic critical strike chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gurubashi's Weapon of Nature] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gurubashi's Weapon of Nature] now deals 10% more damage when used against }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or                                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug where the [Demon Skin] / Demon Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        Mount quest did not properly reward the appropriate item for killing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some non-boss creatures in the world to appear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       to have a large area of effect bug that would cause them to travel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       far away from the original location.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bloodthirst] now increases damage dealt by the victim's team by 30%, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bloodthirst] is now a level-75 talent, replacing [Scatter Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Crusader's Judgment] is now a level-75 talent, replacing [Judgment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of Command].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Defensive Stance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fury: [Bloodsurge] (Rank 3) now causes [Bloodthirst] to grant 2 Rage, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fury: [Reckless Charge] now increases damage you deal to the target by 15%, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fury: [Thunder Clap] now activates a second time (but does not consume}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Rage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}