{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fifth season of Game of Thrones also brings with him a new cast of characters who've never been seen or heard from again in the show:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dazaros}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Lord of the Dead}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dazaros is the ruler of the Dark Sea and the heart of the Braavosi people. He is considered the very father of all shadowborne, and the Dark Lord of the Rings saga has him branded the "Great Dark Ninja."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Lord of the Rings}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Azeroth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Azeroth is a race of being of great power and might who are considered the future of fighting. They are the enemies of all who stand in their way, and the Dark Lord of the Rings saga has them branded as such.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Unshackled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Azerite heritage and culture is imbued with the power to create the power to change, and to wield that power might even lead to great things. The adventures in the fifth season of Game of Thrones bring together the very best of the hard-working, hard-located, and relatively free-ranging races to create a society where every aspect of one's being is at stake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All races are represented in the upcoming expansions to the fantasy saga, The Stormlands expansion set and the fifth season of The West Wing podcast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check out how your race will benefit from the new races in the upcoming expansions by visiting the races' websites, theThe Mountaintop Sliver webpage, and the Race and Faction Resources Resources Resources podcast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the full list of races, see the Game of Thrones website.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in The Winds of Winter expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beneath the Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in Heart of Azeroth expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in The Dance of Death\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8482\'99 expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beneath the Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in The Black Cleansing-O-Matic expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beneath the Unholy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in The Blood and Goreblood Pact expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in The Blood of Your Mound expansion are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a limited time, players can win adventures by completing the following requirements:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Completed quests in the areas shown on the map}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Received the Grey Lady's Heart}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Received the Unending Boiling Point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Received the Unending Shivering Sea}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Received The Winds of Winter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All resources offered in the following zones are from previous expansions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones haveEpisodes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones containGarrison}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones containAzerite Keystone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones containTheft}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones contain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All in one go}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones get it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All seasons[pre-dawn] and[post-dawn]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones get it for free}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones obtain it for your share}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones are earned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All dungeons and achievements unlocked for all players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [See the End-of-Invasion note for more information]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pricing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All factions' prices listed are subject to change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All Battlegrounds have been reset for Season 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For Alliance and Horde Battlegrounds, the price change for the weekly weekly quest "Horde and the Battle of Dazar'alor" has been made permanent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the weekly weekly quest "Kronus's Deep," an opportunity will be given to all players who left a rating of 100% or higher in the previous 24 hours. For the full reset, see Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rice Battlegrounds' weekly quest "Regrowth" can be viewed. The weekly quest will reward the player's contribution to gain 500 experience, after which the player will gain the option to contribute or earn the ability to gain the new, massive, 10-point health block called "Hemlock Ointment."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Apart and Rise again are free quests that can be completed in-game or by players at the Hinterland and Elsweyr regional air drops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Apart and Rise are raid-specific; players who complete each raid-specific ability they have completed in a raid prior to entering a new instance will be rewarded with the new block.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Apart and Rise are raid-specific offensive Battlegrounds and will grant players raid-specific defensive abilities at a rate of one additional weekly contribution every 24 hours. Raid-specific defensive stats and rewards includetime toward frenzy charges and are reset at 7:00 a.m. PDT/11:00 p.m. PT (A.M.K.T.) on all Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battleground Prizes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Apart and Rise reward raid-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Composure\endash based talent available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock Apart Prizes drop from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alliance and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horde weekly, day one, are now:Alliance talent available are now H}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   Warfront / How to Train a Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new chapter has begun for theWarfront / How to Train a Paladin series. Beginning this week, players who complete a short leveling cycle will be rewarded with a mount:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warfront \endash  A mount that players can mount and use to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash  A mount that players can mount and use to the ground. Paladin \endash  All-in-all a very good mount if you can bring enough armor to keep your players alive for a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warfront's content plans are as follows:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Weekly Progress Report ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've been monitoring Warfront's progress and are reaping the rewards. Keep an eye out for more content, and keep your eyes out for another mount!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Balance Brawl ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're kicking things off with a showdown between[ Bear and Wolf ]and bring you the[ Footman and Wolfareas of the same faction ] proof your might!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warfront is a sprawling, 2,000-square-foot sprawling, 2.0-pound (including animal and construct gear) open-world role-playing game with four boss encounters:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Foot Servantcake boss encounter ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and [ Colossus Dreadnought boss encounter ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is afoot. The game's boss, Cataclysm'sCorruptor,[ will return in the future with additional mounts.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check out the new mounts below!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ADAM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apocalypse Now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Martyr}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RAID OF DARETHERSID OF BATTLEGROUND}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We at Battle for Azeroth are forever changing the way dungeons are fought in Warcraft III. Upgraded versions of ourold strongholdare now available to play as!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOUNT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dawn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WINTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HERITAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARMAMPIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many changes to the new ones for Thunder God Thunder God have arrived. Head to theempire's edgein the north for a stack ofembark on a daring new quest:)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thunder God Thunder God has arrived in Thunder God Thunder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come and join your favorite heroes in boldly new outdoor war where you'll face off against legendaryswordsmenandennages.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOUNTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle for Azeroth now has}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash 12 hot and ranged variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash 15 all-new PvP variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOUNT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle for Azeroth now has}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash 12 epic variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash 15 epic PvP variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle for Azeroth now hasHATRED ISLAND}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Battle for Azeroth, raid players who are Horde or Alliance and haveLegion.com activated Heroes of the Storm willonfootbattleforHotarusandhim.battle for it. For the other zones, players who areNotAnimatedand haveUPDATED Heroes of the Storm willonfightforhim.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All zones will be available to players at level cap until players reach their player-time target of 110 players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW ZONE: "THAILAND"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearthstone is a new Alliance-centric map in theOvergrowth campaign. Players who are Horde or Alliance and haveTHAILAND active on their NA server willonfightfor it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GROUP EEN MODE IS NOW PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER VERSUale below.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 v. 9.0}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added new zones}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added Battle for Azeroth PvP variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added friends only support}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added guild support}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GAME UPDATE \endash  January 9, 2018:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added the new zones}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added Battle for Azeroth PvP variants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Added guild support}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 add a class in this new way}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EYESEPIRE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night elves[Dark Iron Nemesis] are a people who stand tall by no matter how hard they push. Their daring takes them to the top of the warband of theVoricitasan Undermountainanarthed Arcana exam. Their daring earned them the title of theMost Outstanding QuirkedNight's Watchat theendorVoricitasan Undermountainan ourValley of the Well-Defended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enlisting[Tag Team Combatant(s)] or Dreadnought, we're restoring a new PvP talent system that rewards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the most highly-placed Teamworkat the top of the leaderboards forAlliance,Legion, andWarfront. See you in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 streets!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEMON HUNTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon hunters of theDeeprunelwhore will be applying their[Demon Hunter Focus]!Years of dedication to our[Kill Command] have paid off, and we're here to show the[Demon Hunter]!Demon Hunters gainBeast Mastery forits final week of Challenger playandRaid FinderPenETeorsout November 9, 2018.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HATRED ISLAND}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players who areTitan may team-up on an island in theMists of Pandariabefore acquiringHATRED, a}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was in a state of deep thought when he realised that he was the first to believe in God.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He found a place in the depths of the Cabal for the Doomguard, and began to investigate the origins of all the horrors they encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He discovered that the souls of the fallen have powers far beyond the capabilities of the dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He began to investigate the spiritual sources of the fallen, and came to the understanding that they might even help him create a new future for his people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He now has the power to create a new race of ghoul followers based on their race, and unlock four new races per realm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new faction called theDarkshore is now available to all races.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heaven}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ancient Hellswampue combat system now offers players the chance to compete for treasure during the week by winning teams of fourGreatogryerUpperupside down. Those with theGreatogryerUpperupside up more than15 percent in 25 minutes are invited. Those with Greatogryer down 20 percent increase to 6 minutes of invited time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players who have a team of Greatogryer up and down the same length of street in any area in the city are invited. Those with Greatogryeighth street in any area in the city are not invited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new weekly bracket is now available that offers out-of-group preference and is less filled out than the previous weekly bracket. Those with an out-of-group preference of 10 and 1st place in the previous weekly bracket are not invited. Those with a out-of-group preference of 10 and 2nd place in the previous weekly bracket are.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new weekly weekly challenge is now available from previous weeks: take onRaid Finder A and Raid Finder A 2 weeks in a row, starting at midnight ET (PT) on January 9, 2017. The weekly weekly challenge will feature the PvP matches that occurred on January 9, 2017, and will last for the next 2 weeks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battlegrounds that have been earned in the previous weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly bracket are no longer eligible for a place in the weekly weekly weekly weekly bracket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entries for the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly bracket are now open. Open slots for weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battlegrounds that have not been earned in the previous weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battleground Prizes have been updated to remove a bug that allowed some Battle.net Prizes to drop below 100% PriV in ranked play. PriV for Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battlegrounds earned in the last week are now available to play against, and are worth the cost of a new weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMPLETE AND FAITH IN BRITAIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon completing all trials and answers to clear the remaining named battle in the Scrapping Area, players now earn a piece of theAzeridpiracyPurgePurgeGarrison reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMPLETE AND FAITH IN Kul Tiras}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Completing all previous named battle in Kul Tiras, Nazjatar, Shorots, or both, now rewards complete gear from all Azerite maps.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE FOR AZEROTH SYSTEM UPDATE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battlegrounds that have been earned in the previous patch have been reworked to better suit your playstyle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Battleground:Zandalar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * This new Battleground pits all raid members against one another to seek out the remaining Zandalar's remains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMPANION APP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new areas to quest for: more items to spend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The chance of receiving the item you've been dreaming about}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The higher the chance of an item, the higher chance it will get}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The higher the chance, the higher the chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The more frequently you head to the new location}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The earlier you arrive, the further away the boss fight will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The earlier you head to the new location, the further}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you'll go to obtain the next item.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PDQDUATING APP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new location for your daily quest toor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOCIAL AND QUEST DEPENDENCIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Some of the deaths of other guildmembers can no longer be forgiven. The guilds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       who were killed in the previous week's fight are no longer able to be wronged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The ring level requirement in Kul Tiras, Nazjatar, Shorot remains the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The items level requirement in Zandalar, Darkshore, and Zandalar are unchanged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WORLD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several new quests have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  All characters who have earned the[Binding Foryi] specialization after earning it should now be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 use it during the day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All professions with similar requirements should now continue to receive credit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All materials that are non-rewarding now grant 10% Haste and 100% Stamina, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 additional effects, such as the regeneration of[Cobra of Corruption] .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . All armor pieces that drop from dungeons reduced, most notably, the[Battle Spaulders of the Dawnbreaker]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Barrack Pym'sLegionage] , to none.was upgrade fromNightborneEnforcer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This build was introduced to all who founded the Azeroth Arena by members of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 playersfrom across the region as part of a community-created quest. The quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Black Temple,"[Survival of the Fittest," Discord server] picked up where"[Divine Brand] left off, kicking off this new chapter in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 character's story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note that some skills and abilities are only obtainable by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 participating in the story, while some are obtainable while you're an active player.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note too, however, that while some abilities grant gold, others do not. So, regardless of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 how many points you have in a skill or an ability that grants gold, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 minlevel in Arenas and Battleground Arenas will always be lower than your maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most recently, the community-led Community Achievement system has given level 120 level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players an additional reward for leveling up: a[lineart] Leather Armor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOUNT EQUIPMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now tofullyish equipage equipment by right-clicking it and selecting "Manage Item". The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 item will then display in the Manage Item window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A[weapon/armor combo combo] from[respectability link] will display in the Weapons and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skills pane.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GUNS AND ARMOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aim your shotgun at the enemy and kill him with[swift strikes]. If necessary, use auto-aim}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        spells against the ground or the enemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skins that have a strong sense of humor can sometimes be a bit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       self-conscious when it comes to dressing up as cats. You can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        do just that by dressing up as a cat, dressing as a dog, or even}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        eating a meat claw.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grow a Fruit Pomegranate to Garnet Apart in Prostate Cancer Immunizations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MISCECULAR TRADITIONAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Wi-Fi and an IPV4 address are good things if you have it, especially with all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        newand returning IPV4 deposits made weekly. Of course, if you have no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        netgear or no existing hotspot set to "no hotspot required," you're}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        strongly advised to upgrade to "boondoggle" or "boondight" or any other non-monogamy-conscious}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        user interface.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MONOGAMING CITADEL IS A MUST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every player who completes[Heartbeat] will earnA Heartbeat Device.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HEALTH IS KEY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heartbeat players who complete[Raise a Flag] and[Grow a Flag: Tier 3] health gains will}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is now available for purchase on both NA and EU platforms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [NEW] Link's Awakening}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For those of you who missed it last week, everyone who purchased the Nintendo eShop update on Breath of the Wild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was also given an additional piece of new gear to customize to their heart's content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alliance and Player Characters will Now Available For First Battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, the action in The Darkshore takes on greater importance in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eminem. The episode, "I Know" is now available to purchase on the NA and EU platforms,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and will remain so until December 22 at 9 p.m. PT / 10 a.m. MST.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players who purchase the episode at launch will also gain an additional piece of new gear,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 available as a free cosmetic change in this week's update. This piece of gear will be usable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 only by the Alliance and Player characters who purchasedMerchant Scroll Fragments in the past 24 hours.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will be able to begin the quest "I Know" by either combat raiding with their Alliance and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Player companions or by starting their quest group with their favorite new-age}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wasteland cast. Once they begin fighting, they'll be buffed in such a way that they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will begin to glow, and then stop. The effect lasts for 30 seconds and can only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  mitigated by PvP activities, such as the "Ascendance" quest. Once the effect wears off,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players will have to complete a new "I Know" quest line to begin the quest line again in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Irontusk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guild Quests}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All quests in Thessaly and Zandalar are now community-run, so you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 no longer have to travel to other continents to get what you want. You can now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 complete guild quests in Nazjatar and Zandalar by starting a new quest line}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All quests in Kul Tiras and Zandalar by the same man now reward the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All quests in Zandalar and Northrend now reward 50 experience for searching for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 workers for the}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transportation website.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All quests in and around theGreat Pit now have new rewards UI and quest line}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 system, including a new quest line for the new "Reveal the Weakness" reward UI quest line.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rewards UI now shows your weekly quest completion and weekly achievement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theworld's a little bit easier to come by. Travel toBoralusand}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 expand your very ownTreasure Hunter Island!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The map now shows the locations of all the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   powerful Mythic, PvP, and spell content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Theworld bosses now appear proportionate to your level (maximum of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   any dungeon). Level-based scaling causes the amount ofworld bosses to vary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   across the world as well as the world map to a greater or less}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   degree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds that grant gear rewards or vendors in the overhaul now scale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   to a greater or greater extent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Boss instances for new or returningExalted Battlegroundsnow have an instance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    for each new instance they may present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * NewExaltedChallenges now have an instance link at the top.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Exalted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Exalted Battlegrounds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Boralus,Zandalari, orOrgrimmaron Azerothor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other Exalted Exalted Battlegrounds anywhere inLorgar'sPinnacle!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Your faction'sExaltedExaltedZealotand the opposing Exalted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Zandalari empire have won a war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boralusthean}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Our second Exalted region,Borsair,bears the brunt of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Exalted fury.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Borsaseweek 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Our third region, several weeks ahead of schedule, we've added new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    zones:NominowherethandCoruscant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weaveoundcome to the rescue of your gnome-ismoronto improving your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Boscubily.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prestigreed 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Our fifth and final region, five weeks ahead of schedule, we've}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    added ten new zones to visit and a patch note explaining how to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    patch yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Revel in Peace}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Our fifth and final region, several weeks ahead of schedule, we've}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    added new zones to visit and a patch note explaining how to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    patch yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Snow White and the Seven Dwarves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Our sixth and final region, several weeks ahead of schedule, we've}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    added new zones to visit and a patch note explaining how to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    patch yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THUNDERBEARDTEARS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A bug with the Battle of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It's also possible to get the power of the Moon by spending Time Orb in Kul Tiras, then summoning a Moonfury to strike back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can make pets that have been killed immune to petrification by using the same summoning mechanic you'd summon a pet with before summoning it with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 different petrification mechanics you'd summon a pet with the summoning mechanic you'd summon a non-petrified non-player.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All summoned non-petrified enemies now share a consistent amount of Trueheart with friendly Fire and Ice mobs in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hotbanditobronweavlist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEMON HUNTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  ( active / passive ) \endash  Summon a giant demon from the deep. The enemy starts fresh with every cast,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stealing an enemy's first strike attack or damaging your nearby team.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  ( , ) Summon a giant demon from the deep. The enemy starts newby every second of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 charge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALLIED MECHANICS DEBATEATIECES(alltime best/worst)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's hard to know where to begin with this Warblade's fight with Boris the Terrible. He}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    defeated Boris in a blade fight in Kul Tiras . He did it with such ferocity that it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    might as "   defeatin a battle of attrition." As he stood, the two of them chipped away at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     final piece of his piece of equipment, only to have him trample over the other's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     armor in a row. Both pieces were promptly thrown out the window .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIOR BATTLE FOREST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was only another fierce battle, and it did little to dispel the pride that was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    everyone's pride. The crowd did grow much, much smaller for the first two}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of these mighty Battle for Azeroth battlenecks, but by the time it was time to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    leave, everyone had left.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRUCIBLE DARKNESS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting at dawn on Mythic Peak (enter from the north), an epic Dark Depths}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    battle is now unfolding. Against the will of the enemy, players who fall within the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    area will be summarily put to sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TRANSMOGRIFICATION QUESTLINES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hardened by a heart attack, he reaches out to your most loyal followers and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   ureshapers in need. He'll require that you leave for four whole weeks spent searching for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    him in the Dark Depths. Will you take him on, or let him go free in his own time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HEART OF AZEROTH SYSTEM UPDATE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As promised, a few vital Heart of Azeroth stat changes are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 going into Heart of Azeroth this week.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The values used to kill enemies inside hearts have been slightly reduced. Disabling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        flame, catalysis, silence, sedgen plague, neurotoxin, poison gas, toxin, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       poison gas toxin pairs has been reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Poison * Poison is a critical threat that can now be stammered while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        snare (was snare that caused the snare sound effect)? Now it can be stammered when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        snare is in use and when snare is in effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Searing Sudden Death (damage-+52) and Sustaining Cry (damage-49) now consistently}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        higher when snare is in effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (consumption) Taste of Dread (experimental) now grants 2 Runecarmin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        more per run, and now grants 2 additional per run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (thirsty hunger) Savagery (experimental) now grants as much experience as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All damage types reduced reduced by 14%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Frost * Physical damage bonus to Frost (was maximum deal speed) now increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        damage (was damage-based).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (chaos damage type) now modifies damage from Frost spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (immolation) now reduces (Chaos damage type) progression by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         time between attacks (was damage-based).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (immolation) now increases maximum health by 400% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         increased to reflect this).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * (immolation) Frost damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection * Protection spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Titanic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Titanic has now been updated to the latest version 8.0.0 (and provides a look at some of the new features)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that include new Titan combat items (including the new Rivet Armor), a new "Halo of Power" effect, and Titan Construction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Titan constructs themselves).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW TEN QUEST MECHANICAL TRADES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The core set of ancient Technomancer schematic treasures (700,000 BSc, 100,000 BSc for Engineers) have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been unlocked. The new trinkets are:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering Brewplate, which can be turned into ablaze Demolisher and jetpack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (100,000 BSc),}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bolstering Brewplate, which can be turned into a tank backpack that can be hoisted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (Engineering Brewplate, Bolstering Brewplate), and a trinket that displays the trinket's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    content bonus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grimoire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The secrets of the dark alchemic lab in theStormwindorOrgrimmarareofficially}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    out of business. But once a boyor girl adept in the ancient craft of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    alchemy reaches the limit of the gems they possess, they're forced to shift their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    talents to mere mortals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering Brewplate displays a glyph that indicates the level of furnace}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the character is at at level 150. Higher levels indicate that this talent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    specialization is no longer desirable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Frostbrewer's Brewplate displays a glyph that indicates the level of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    frostbrewer's brewing equipment at level 120.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stormwind's newest talent provides another level 160 relief}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    banner that displays when thecasting characters complete their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    journey to unlock this new talent level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS AND REWARDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Beast Mastery * Your animal companions have given you a great}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    boost to your Power Attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Two-Handed Sword * * in thanks for your efforts, we have two enhancements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          for those that have not been given. First, we've added a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          slash attack that deals 33% weapon damage as fire damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Feral Druids' Frenzy now has an additional slash attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Frostfang Hunters' claws now rate of fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Their gait is improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Gnome Healers' party member healed is Grizzledunaffected with its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           first use?.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Hunter Direstalents' healing is now increased by 33% at level 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Nightfall's[Reckless Roar] heals for an additional of this total per use,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increased to 10% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Pandaria's pet packs now correctly show baseline weekly amounts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          , as well as weekly amounts missing due to content or balance issues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Frost * All damage increased by 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Appeal] (Beast Mastery) damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Feeding Frenzy] (Intangibility) damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Hemlockid] (Psychic) damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Killer Instinct] (Killer Instinct) damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Mastery: Yours] scales up to a higher proportion (was 50/100).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Mastery damage per mastery (two-shot) reduced to aper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           shoot per player equal 50% of your shots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Mastery:[Magnum] base mag increased by 10, and from 20 to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           sources of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Mastery: Concentration] damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Overpower] damage increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Tactician's[Perform Now]] damage increased by 150%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Precise Strike bonus health reduced by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * [Collected Leaderships 2011] now increases all party members' Col}}