{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After all, you never know what you might find in a trading post. We've taken this same spirit into account when creating class item bonuses and stat buffs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In order to make sure that we weren't leaving players behind in their build diversity, we decided to add a fourth buff to a specific spell: [Gladiator's Slicer].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Improved Early Warning Systems]: This talent now reduces the chance for early game attacks to be parried by 3/6/9%. Attack power per rank has been increased from 1.5% to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [T.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.S.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.W.A.R.D.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.E.L.F.I.E.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * E.L.F.I.E. has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Frenzied Regeneration] ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Trap] no longer has a limit to its duration; its effect lasts 10 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master's Call] no longer has a limit to its damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rabid] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [War Stomp] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [S.E.L.F.I.E.] now has a radius of 10 yards (was 20 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mongoose Bite] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Survival Instincts] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [T.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.W.A.R.D.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.E.L.F.I.E.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.N.W.I.N.] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This week marks the 10th anniversary of the Guild Awards. During that time, we've seen the awarding of Guild Awards become a formalized way to recognize outstanding guild achievements, and the Guild Awards themselves become objects of celebration instead of punishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild Awards are now presented in the form of Guild Challenges. Win or lose, you will receive a Guild Challenge for a random guild in Guild History.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild Challenges can be won via the guild experience bar or by simply accepting the announcement on Twitter that a guild has an award. Acceptance of Guild Challenges is not required, but it is recommended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Win a Guild Challenge for an existing guild that hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BDt seen enough awards ceremonies this year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * After winning a Guild Challenge, players have a chance to win an item that will allow entry to a randomly selected guild that has a similar theme to the guild they are challenging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Announcements from past guilds supporting the guild challenging theme will be viewable on the guild leader board.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Successfully completing guild challenges and winning the guild challenge will earn credit for a new reputation category.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once a guild has been granted credit for a particular theme, players can accept the guild challenge in any of the guild's chat channels (use /to accept for a guild challenge, /to lose for a guild challenge, /for all others) to gain access to that guild's chat channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once accepted, players in that guild will be able to access the assigned guild chat channel (as seen here) through either their guild interface or the chat interface (coming soon to all major guilds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild Leaders can invite a GM or a raid group for a given dungeon instance. A GM can be selected by the guild master or the guild leader based on the available roll call slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Upon accepting a guild challenge, players will be asked to fill out a Request for Raid or Warning Sheet. Both these sheets can be viewed in the guild leader support forum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once a player has accepted a guild challenge, they will be asked to fill out a Request for Player Help. This form allows the GM or the raid group to access the player directly while the player is out of the guild or out of the area (ex: /to request a player for raid group).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once a player has submitted a raid or group for a given dungeon, they will receive an acknowledgement response email from the guild via the Guild Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All requests for assistance are logged and tracked on the account, so players can access help from the account controls if they are experiencing any issues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The account controls for a given realm are located on the same tab as the rest of the world, so players can access the account controls there as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The request log is now divided into sections for each type of request, allowing easier sorting of requests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now use the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BDTalk to a GM\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD function to submit a request and receive a response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A link to the account controls page now provides a confirmation dialogue to allow players to select the account control that they would like to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A link to the account settings page now provides confirmation dialogue to allow players to modify the game client settings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now lock out additional features by clicking on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BDLock Out\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD button on the account screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Added a new option to toggle floating combat text on and off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW FEATURE: REST STATE CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players now have an additional layer of protection against being attacked while}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Avoidance] (passive): Now reduces damage taken by 5% while dodgeable, but no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    longer reduces the amount of damage taken while dodgeable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Cower]: Now reduces the amount of damage taken while dodgeable by 20%, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is no longer affected by Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Cower: Now reduces damage taken while dodgeable by 30% and increases damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     taken by 10% while dodgeable by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Cower]: Duration is now 8 seconds, but can no longer be used in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     trades.      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blessing of Sanctuary], [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing of Sacrifice], and [Blessing of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Protection] have been replaced with new spells: [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of Sacrifice], [Blessing of Wisdom], [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing of Wisdom],}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and [Blessing of Sacrifice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    HEALING UPDATES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recently, receiving a healing aura from a Paladin's healing aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will now heal you for the amount that you intended to receive it from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Champions of Light (Artifact trait)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * There is now a new [Divine Prowl] PvP ability available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Stoneforge Quartermaster Azrael will now properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrect you with the Stoneforge Quartermaster's energy.     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 BLOOD CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blood type was the determining factor on the decisions Blizzard made in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the course of their recent Resilience work. In order to properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         balance the number of health and survivability of their damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         mitigation, we've taken steps to remove that factor from the game. We}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         will be making a Major Resolve patch to address this in a major way,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         reducing the number of points spent on Resilience by the same amount and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         merging it with baseline Resilience. As such, the Blood deathrattle we}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         are making now has a smaller number of points to compensate for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         removal of Resilience. The scaling and diminishing returns of those}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         changes will continue to be the focus of the discussion of scaling and diminishing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         returns for different stats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood deathrattlers now start with a healthy amount of health, but will burn more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health per blood point (while in [Resilience]) upon death. This will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          be different for each class, specialization, and tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             / [Rapture] can now be cast anywhere in the world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              and is a global cooldown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue that caused certain Macs to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue that caused some players in the East Coast to become}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       In order to make room for more Haste effects to apply to [Focused Will], a priest's haste has been modified by the Multistrike stat. For example, a priest who had a base Haste of 4% using a 4-point talent (instead of a 3% Haste increase from a 3-point talent) would now receive a 4% increase to their base Haste amount instead of 3% for using that talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guarded by the Light] now increases Stamina by 45% (up from 35%), and the amount healed by [Flash Heal] by 45% (up from 30%), but no longer increases healing done by [Heal].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Wounded] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Leap of Faith]'s mana cost has been reduced by 80%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Shell] is now a level-25 talent, replacing [Spiritual Healing].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We've also made a few other changes to the talents that bless specific spells. In particular, we've changed the way [Focused Will], [Divine Providence], [Guardian Spirit], and [Holy Light] are applied to the periodic healing effect of [Renew].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WE ARE NOW A GROUP OF TALENTED GROUPS WHO PREACHES THE LAW OF NATURE AND VALOR AS WELL AS PVP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * We're looking for a group of players who are tough as nails and also some who may just be able to shed a few too many tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * We're a group of players who follow the adventures of Queen Azshara. As such, we're a bit of a collection of professions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Queen Azshara herself is a player-created encounter that can be found in icy Craggy Paths in Ashenvale. As such, players can make use of her unique abilities and play to win the encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The best part? (Item #7692) is an item that just so happens to be on the same plane as the Wracked item that spawned him!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Also worth noting is the fact that the items that spawn under the appropriate class banner (Classes #11, Pets #11, etc.) now all share a single tabard slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Also worth noting is the fact that many of the items on this new tabard are of the Fetid variety. Fetid in appearance, functionally speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Also of note is the fact that each class can now craft up to 4 item of the Fetid variety (Classes #11, Pets #11, etc.).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Level-60 Ability: [Ritual of Summoning]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Summons a random raid or world raid boss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Cooldown is 1 minute, duration is 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Maelstrom Weapon emote now has a visual that identifies it as an Enrage ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ability has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For mages, we focused thinning out the niche and abilities that weren't used often. We made sure to retain abilities for mages to function in off-spec roles, since that flexibility is a defining characteristic of the class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Concentration]: The damage reduction afforded by this talent now exists, but is unavailable to the Warrior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arctic Winds] is no longer available to the Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Remove Magic] is now available to the Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Remove Curse] is now available to the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shatter] is no longer available to the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              TALENT SYSTEM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Like priests, mages have a talent system. Talents are now earned by completing quests. Focused on clearcasting, the talent system provides a mechanism for rewarding specialization in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Clergy Training] is now available to players who have completed the class quest [70] Seeking Arcane Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focused Prayers] has been removed and replaced with a new talent, [Evangelism]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Focused Prayers reduces the cost of [Devouring Plague], [Frost Fever], [Pestilence], and [Choking Fog] by 50% for 6 seconds each time it is cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence] has been removed and replaced with a new talent, [Glacial Spike]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ice Barrier]: Replaces [Ice Block]. Does not stack with other effects that increase the Priest's Defense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Focus]: Instead of redirecting all mana with a single use, this talent now increases the effect of all Mana Shield spells by 10/20/30% for 6 seconds each time it is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new quest has been added to complete for players on the Isle of Thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players who complete the quest " [90] Thundering Point" will receive a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          rare [Thundering Point Cap] item.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       A number of abilities were added for rogues to aid in their adventivist pursuits. In addition to the new abilities provided by the Assassin class, rogues now also receive a bonus to secondary stat bonuses (Critical Strike, Mastery, etc.) when [Assassination] is used in Stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blind] is now a passive ability. The damage and slow effects of Blind will not be applied to the rogue if they are attacked while Blinded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mac}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Raid Finder will support Mac clients up to 1.6.0.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Main article: Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 10.4.9, you can find the latest Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 features by searching for "MacOSX" in the search box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MacOS X 10.4.9 supports MacOS X 10.4.9 as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can find the latest Mac OS X 10.4.9 support by visiting the Software Update}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 depots located in your user interface (such as the Command Prompt).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MacWorld Environment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The MacWorld Environment client now supports the following environments:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 US}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AU}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUIS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For more information on how to setup a Mac World Environment, please visit the Macworld}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World Environment forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC 10.4.9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following features are not enabled by default in this operating system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Mac should now recognize the features as disabled by default. If you notice any of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 before they are enabled, you can turn off them by disabling them by setting them to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UI Options}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honorable mentions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know this is going to be a long post, and that it may take some time for everyone to fully absorb all of the above, especially since we're still a very young team, and not many of you have actually seen the game or really been in touch with the people behind the concept. So, here it is, and for those of you who are fortunate enough to be able to take the time to read through the full post, please bear with us: the Tides of Vengeance is a very small but growing team, and will be further expanded upon in future patches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We'll continue to add to the depth of this out-of-the-box mechanic through the use of the new "Honorable Kills" feature, which gives players the opportunity to earn additional Honor upon earning a certain number of "Honorable Kills" from a given raid or dungeon boss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Along the way, players will unlock new zones and dungeons, and will gain new titles, titles, and titles. To begin, we want to make it clear that this is not an official launch of Tides of Vengeance, and that there will be no additional changes for those new to the game who try to enter these new zones or dungeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance Team}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance team is comprised of a full-time Dungeon Finder, an outside dungeon designer, and a dedicated dedicated Tides of Vengeance-related officer and officer's assistants.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: IMPROVED BRAWLER'S GUILD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The brawling and slashing action of the new brawler's guild will come to a new location in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Broken Shore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /// check this one it might have been used}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will find the Broken Shore brawler's guild in the Broken Shore, near the docks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There will be only a handful of brawlers wandering around the Broken Shore during}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the first week, but the brawlers will be much more numerous and more dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Broken Shore has changed! The Broken Shore has changed. Brawlers will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fight each other, and instead will fight for control of specific areas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Broken Shore is now a fully-fledged zone, complete with new quests, new pet and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pet trainer, vendors and lots of new loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new class skill, which will allow them to learn new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maneuvers, including backhands and kneeswalls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new melee attack, which will allow them to use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new move, which will allow them to use a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will be able to learn two new special moves, which will allow them to use}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    more weapons, and one new special move to fight in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Brawlers will have access to a new pet, which will allow them to train in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    variety of specializations, including the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Brawler,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and the new two-handed version of the Two-Handed Striker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    //// check this one I'm pretty sure it might have been used}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BATTLE FOR AZEROTH SEASON 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Between the events of the first and second season of Battle for Azeroth, the night elves have been attacked by an unknown, deadly force. The Warchief believes this attack was ordered by Wyrmrest Accord, and that the Nightfallen who perpetrated the attack is indeed the one responsible. The Warchief leads a strike team of twelve heroes, led by Warchief Kael'thas, on a daring escape from Orgrimmar. The Warchief and his men face an overwhelming number of Ogri'la, but they will soon run out of options. The Ogri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99la they face will be no match for the Warchief\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s strength and determination. Players will now be able to lead a strike team in combat, starting at level 100. The Ogri\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99la in the first season of Battle for Azeroth will be much tougher than they appear in the second.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The second season of Battle for Azeroth will feature a new balance of druid talent trees. As part of this process, we have made several changes to druid talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level cap has been increased to 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Rejuvenation bar is now grayed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Ability: Solarium Barrage (Level 100).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a longer channeled spell (e.g. [Solaric Power]) will wake up your next sleeping target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Healing targets over level 60 now receive twice the expected bonus to healing from [Healing Rain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feast of Souls] will no longer cancel upon taking damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per melee swing reduced by 14%. This was to reduce the frequency of [Fatal Attractions] where this was not optimal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated while sitting increased to 200% from 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gladiator's Slicer] auto-attack damage has been increased by 215%, but the reload time has been increased to 2.3 seconds (was 2.0 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters will no longer miss with [Dismiss Pet] and [Dismiss] while using [Auto Shot].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.8 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.6 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.8 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.7 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.6 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.6 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.5 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.4 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Integrated sound is now supported on Mac OS X 10.4.8 and higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.4.8 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The amount of newly allocated gold in the game should be fairly consistent between acts 6 and 11 of any given dungeon. However, in order to make even modest amounts of this new Conquest gear possible, we've raised its item level considerably. This means that players will generally see a larger selection of items in their inventories if they are geared toward Gold or Honorbound gear. In addition, existing items that upgrade in quality to higher-tier versions should be able to upgrade further, as we've done for other items in this series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Any characters that completed the previous Acts of War for a random dungeon will receive a new title, "Co-Founder of Hyjal," which will entitle them to a new mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players that are not already on the Co-Founder of Hyjal will be able to obtain it by speaking with Archmage Timear in the Timeless Isle or by speaking with Vashj in Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The title of "Co-Founder of Hyjal" is automatically granted to players who are already on the Isle of Hyjal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 90 players that are not already on the Isle of Hyjal can access the Timeless Isle by speaking with Archmage Timear in the Timeless Isle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Under the Timeless Isle, players can access the Timeless Isle by speaking with Vashj in Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Vashj also has a variety of other functions, including:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vashj the Falling: Teleports players to Vashj the Falling's side of the island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vashj the Living: Removes players from combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arosyn the Tape: Sorts the dungeon pieces in reverse order of their appearance on the platform they're on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players now receive an automatic "Discover" alert when an area of the dungeon they have already discovered is presented to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An area of the dungeon that is not revealed via the Discover system will now require a 2-hour exploration period prior to being available for the player to discover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Unlike other Raid Finder dungeons, players do not automatically discover dungeons on their first attempt. As such, players may find themselves at a stalemate when attempting to queue for a given dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeon Finder: Tabs for each wing now allow a player to navigate to a random tab for a given dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Random tab allows a random group of players to queue together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bonus Armor: The amount of bonus armor you receive when you're tanking a boss has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Chances are, your luck has run out and you will not be receiving a full 300% bonus to attack power for your efforts. To compensate, you will receive a smaller and smaller amount of bonus armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Cooldown: The amount of cooldown you must wait before a boss kill has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dispel Resist: This ability now has a 9 second duration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lights, Camera, Bacon]: These mounts now have their own unique sound when engaged in combat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons and Raids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Failing to complete a keystone in time no longer causes a crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A number of character behavioral issues affecting players while transformed into the opposite faction have been fixed. These include fixes to Paladins' [Divine Steed] and Shadow Priests' language after exiting [Voidform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Opulence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the coin shower visual to sometimes persist longer than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARCRAFT: THE MOVIE: THE GAME: THE MOVIE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide a more compelling reason to play the game, in WarCraft: The Movie: The Movie Player Characters Are Mangled, Players May Now Only Pick Up One Letter at a Time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the popularity of the "I'm not a mob boss, I'm a hero!" sentiment, portrait frames have been reworked and now feature a simplified version of the Human Illusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide a more compelling reason to play the game, in WarCraft: The Movie: The Movie Mode, You May Now Only Be Selected As a Friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * An emoticon has been added to the game with limited usage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlocks can now only have one Candid Camera view on at a time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW TWITTER UPDATES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For those experiencing technical difficulties with the iOS client, we've made some improvements to Twitter. These changes should alleviate some of the confusion caused by recent iOS updates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To use the new interface, go to Settings > Social and then select any follower. From there, you can set custom followers on others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SO FASTENED!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're pleased to announce that so-called "fasteners" will soon be fastened to virtually every item in the game, making it virtually impossible, if not impossible, to lose them all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've consulted with an engineer who \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CBlackout\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u157\'9D anvils \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Ccause he can.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PURCHASSE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FOR ALL RACES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming soon to a Nintendo eShop near you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENGINEERING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New recipes are available from the Thrallmar Quartermaster, Ryan Stonebinder in Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineers can now find and complete a new recipe to craft [Fused Wiring] that can be used to craft an [Ultimate Charger] for Engineers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Mechanical Dragonling]'s speed has been increased, and it can now be pulled off of Engineers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineers can now learn the schematic for the [Overpowered] rifle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Infinite Grenade] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineering classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Empty Grenade] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    MOUNTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    You can now earn up to four MOUNTS as vanity items. Four MOUNTS can be earned from a single victory point, and all four can be placed in a vanity slot directly after an existing vanity item. Three of the four new vanity items can be purchased from the Appearance Collection, and three of them can be purchased from the in-game auction house.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   TRADE SKILLS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    All Hunter pets have had one or more new trade skills that can be learned by mixing and matching pets from various hunter professions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BATTLE PETS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Battle Pet Suits will now distinguish themselves visually from their non-combat pets when fighting other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    FIGHTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The system has been modified to allow for a greater variety of itemization for the Hunter and the Paladin. In addition, many non-combat pets have been changed to battle pets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          SHADOW CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shadow priests had one large problem toward the end of Mists of Pandaria: single-target damage. Their AoE and multi-DoT damage was some of the best around, so they still ended up competitive on most fights. But, in any fight that was mostly single-target, they felt lacking. Additionally, one of the new stats we're adding in Warlords of Draenor, Multistrike, is almost exactly what their current Mastery, [Shadowy Recall], does for DoTs. So, we took these two problems and came up with a change that we think will solve both of them. The result is a new Mastery: Shadowy Recall, a new Mastery for Shadow Priests that primarily increases the single-target portion of their DoTs but also works well for multistrikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] has been replaced with [Silence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] now costs 30 Energy in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now deal 15% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Of course, in an ideal world, all three stats would go into zero when Void Tendrils or Void Ebbers are destroyed, leaving only 3 active stats. That's why we buffed both of these abilities, and why we removed the 3rd ability altogether. However, in practice, it's not that simple. Sometimes destroying a tank's primary target means that that target doesn't get affected by our defensive stats, and those that are not tanking generally do not benefit from that destruction. Therefore, we buffed them differently. This will allow more tanks to benefit from these stats, and still will, but will not defeat the point of destroying secondary targets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        from Ulduar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Secret Flame Beds have been added to all Secret Flame Beds in the dungeon for players that have discovered the secret to sleeping dogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ulduar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new alt character can now be created for free by anyone in the raid by visiting Halaani's grave in the Cathedral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Alt characters now share an account lockout that prevents them from logging into the account of another player on the account on which they sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Raid Profiles now allow players to make raid groups easily accessible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There is now a Trash pull in the Heroic version of the Ulduar raid dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The picture frames in the Mount and Pet Journal will now display when a character is mounted to the correct view angle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players now receive a 10% discount at Honorable Kills when buying a mount from Priorities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players now receive a 10% discount at Honorable Kills when buying a mount from Writ of Justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * NPCs in the Scarlet Monastery will now properly display their Truefaith buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honorable Kills are now awarded in weekly intervals, based on the behavior of the fight in question. For example, while a tank is stunned on a boss encounter, the kill streak will not end for the week until 1-10 (10-point) worth of tanking occurs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Non-boss enemies will no longer get bonus damage from being tanked by another player if the other player is standing directly behind the non-boss enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Tanks will no longer get bonus damage from being hit by another player while they are standing on top of a particular object.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Standing on top of an object will cause unintended invincibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Clients can no longer be resized to go into a fullscreen experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stacking of multiple AOE effects creates a single, massive wave that breaks the illusion of a long flight path}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer disconnect while in flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players in hovercraft form will no longer appear as though they are floating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer become partially transparent while in any way not normally transparent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players in hovercraft form can no longer leap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer swim while riding any type of vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wind turbines now generate their own heat, unlike steam turbines which automatically heat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Changing armor sets while in any non-combat stance will now cause an immediate error message and be removed if the armor set changes are not accepted within 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Putting out fires while having an encounter open will now cause the player to be properly warned of impending combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players are no longer able to tell whether an NPC is being attacked by intruders by pointing their camera at them, or scanning the surrounding area for intruders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stacking multiple On Use items in a single transaction will no longer cause the transaction log to show items used up to that point in the status column, but up to that point in the transaction log nothing will happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stacking multiple On Use items in a single transaction will no longer cause the player to be properly warned of impending combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Damage dealt will no longer cause a cooldown for a player to receive retribution messages from intruders in their own home realms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Cooperation of cities, towns and villages will no longer be required for certain trades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Implemented a new weather system, WorldWeather.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new loading screen has been added to the world in which players can select a starting location for a new zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new loading screen has been added to the world after having completed a quest in which the party/raid will be split up into two separate groups. One group will travel to the starting location of the zone, while the other will travel to an objective located in the zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Flying Bear] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Sky Golem] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Sky Wash] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to unlock the Griffon and Sky Golem mounts upon completion of the quest by showing the appropriate amount of favor required.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several flying mounts will now start with a duration of one hour and a cooldown of five minutes, matching the standard duration of the corresponding mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Griffon and Sky Golem mounts can now be purchased from Inari at their full vendor price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Inari will now properly restock on purchased items in 10-minute intervals instead of 30-minute intervals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer get an error message while using a Stampeding Roar to apply a color change to an item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The item [Skyshatter Helm] will now properly display its name when purchased by a vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker Monks will no longer sleep through their attacks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Wild-Ass-It-Up Gnomes are now slightly more likely to use the item "That thing with the arrow on the top" as a verb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Rogue Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogues shouldn't lose auras if they flip out of a portal while under the effects of [Shroud of Conquest].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Invisible and 'Polymorph-ee' rogues shouldn't be able to use the [Subtlety] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sneed Venom, Scent of Blood, Scent of Blood, and Wing Clip all have Idle Blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mara, the Imbued with Blood, can no longer be targeted using [Polymorph].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Luminous Runeblade now correctly grants 12% increased damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The helm of light stone makes you look more like a tree and the design adds to the lore. A simple helmet made of light stone that lets in a wide variety of light, including shadow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 chaud2012-06-06, 05:24 PMBlizzard and Blizzard Entertainment today announced that World of Warcraft will be ported to the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 computers in the next version of the game. This milestone was made possible thanks to the collaboration of several of the most important players in the MMO industry: Tom Chilton, Mike Morhaime, Jason Holt, and Michael Chu.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new world-overlords were actually the original gods in a universe that we didn't consider canon when we made the game, and thus, didn't have enough information on them to establish. When we put in place the mythic raid, Mythic difficulty, to better reflect what some of the Mythic and the mythic expansion set are like, Mythic level has been changed to Mythic difficulty so that some players and the bosses more closely match up, and those Mythic players in the raid group could possibly learn the Raid Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mythic has been a different beast. It requires about 60 Mythic difficulty to obtain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 orcerous Intent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the tooltip says there is no "Sorcerous Intent" trait, I can make an educated guess. Sorcerous Intent is a trait now only usable on creatures with an innate poison. It causes your poisons to be twice as lethal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sorcerous Intent is now only active on creatures below level 8.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were no traps or traps that caused the tooltip to say that the tooltip is a trap. I know the trait's tooltip is not complete, so I have a feeling there will be lots of traps. As noted, this was a bug. We are working to make those traps a lot less buggy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Bloodthirst-Raging Blood of Sargeras  is no longer affected by the effect of Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Bloodthirst-Raging Blood of Sargeras  is now affected by Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warmoth's Boon  will work now, so you can't take it before level 9. It was too powerful. This change was made to nerf Warmoth's Boon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warmoth's Boon  now works on your basic attacks, so you can make it useful in Arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lor'theath's Blessing  will now also work on your basic attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Storm's Prowess  is now only usable by druids. It is too powerful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Storm's Prowess  now reduces the mana cost of your spells more or less for everyone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Class changes that affect everyone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Curses that cause you to take more damage when you take a lot of damage now have a new name and an intended name:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enrage, Frostbreath , Burning Wish and Drain Life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Restore Health now increases your health by 1% of your maximum health. This will make it a lot more palatable to take a few extra hits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only usable by those who possess it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fury now causes you to take double damage for 6 seconds. In addition, whenever you take damage, you take half of the damage that is dealt to you!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only usable by Druid after level 10. It has always done to make it more palatable. This change has been made to reduce its potential usage when a tank is trying to get some damage on you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fiery Breath was too powerful and is more balanced now. We've slightly buffed its base damage so that it is easier to balance, but we can't make it better again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fiery Breath is now only usable by Druid. We also want to make it an awesome way to cast Drain Life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Bloodthirst-Raging Blood of Sargeras is now only affected by Haste and has no more uses. It now lasts 30 seconds or until refreshed by Bloodrage, which will only trigger it at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only usable by Druid after level 10. This buff will make it easier to get damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only usable by Hunter after level 10. This buff will make it easier to use Bloodrage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only applied to you by Bloodrage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of the Endless Hunger is now only available to Hunter pets at level 10. It is better to leave it off for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fury now makes it more palatable to use a few more attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fury is now only used by Hunter pets at level 10. Hunters already have a lot of attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Sargeras' Fiery Breath is now only usable by Hunter pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Eternal Flames now only works on all damage dealt by pets, and has been added at level 10. If you keep your pets on full health, all damage from your pets will reduce the cooldown by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glyph of Eternal Flames now only works on all damage dealt by pets, and has been added at level 10. If you keep your pets on full health, all damage from your pets will reduce the cooldown by 1 second.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to Play}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to play  is the first part of the tutorial video, and is all about how you and your companions can deal damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are also a few small tips on what abilities you will see in game like "Boulderfist", "Blood Boil - Borrowed Rage", and "Shadowfang" you should also be playing them as much as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I really hope that at least one of these notes would help a lot when you play through the new questline, I'm sure there are plenty of more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new questline is now complete with about 1 page of text on the front, and I would recommend playing through it for the first part of the questline aswell. I still have a lot of questions and I'll have a look at the quest notes and try and answer them too as much as possible. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you like playing warlock in a raid group, or have you played them before and are finding that the game takes so much time and effort to be able to do well, that it gets boring with every tier?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not really. I enjoyed playing the new game. I did the original game because they had no options when I was playing new expansions and you only could play the one expansion that really wanted me to play it. I enjoyed it in the old game, and this will be my first time playing MMO-Champion anyway because I played both the original and the new expansion for a while. I think the game will still be fun. But no, I don't think the game will be boring so long as you can keep playing. And it is fun to play and I'm not sure I've noticed anything different other than the game is more fun to play now. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Warrior Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it doesn't make you feel bad about doing things that are not as satisfying, why do you play?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't actually know if I'm getting this. I still enjoy warfaring and I like the thrill. There's really just no good reason. I'm not sure I'm getting this but in the early days of WoW development, warlocks were the only class with a big attack power cost. They wanted to buff, they didn't want it to be so much of your DPS that you could never kill with it. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fly out as the sky shifts, and even when the sun is not in alignment with the earth or sky, it still gives good visuals as it does so. All of this can be attributed to the use of an artist's studio in order to produce these visuals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The skybox has a large amount of custom artwork and is updated regularly. This was not the case with The Fall. As with all things CreativeForge , it is possible that there will always be new art or visuals to add to the world, although the actual size of the skybox is usually the smallest possible size. The concept of the skybox, in the words of a post by Chris Robinson of Blizzard Entertainment  / Official Forums  it was simply too large. However, this is not an ideal solution and if we had to add more than one skybox, then the overall size would be large and then you would have to move the old ones to the side or away from them. This was obviously not an acceptable experience and we would have to come up with a solution to that and we ultimately chose to keep this technique as simple as possible, and leave it up to the artist to choose the best images they can for the job.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that said, I would like to take a stab at it again. There are plenty of options to add skyboxes to the world to make the world feel alive as you will be able to zoom in and see the environment in your own home. However, one of the issues we have is that the skybox will not always be accurate, which is why you are not always able to see where you are or what's going on with your own home. This is something we have tried to resolve by adding a distance measurement for the distance between the skyboxes and also by using a simple animation system for the skybox to let you know where exactly you are. If you decide to move the skybox all the way to the end, then you will have to actually look up from where you are, look around to where you are, and go back and forth to adjust the distance, just like in any other mod. However, if you move all the way to the end and return to your home, then everything should work as intended: the world as a whole should be seeing the skybox and vice versa, or at least that is what we hoped to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please don't hesitate to post feedback in comments or via PM where applicable, as I certainly can't promise it won't happen at the speed of light.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't want to jump to any conclusions on this but the skybox will not be fully implemented until around March, so I can't promise it will happen until then. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Update: A new post about the original post has been added and the skybox should be completed sometime in April.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it does still happen in April, the skybox will then be done for The Fall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the skybox won't be finished until May, before The Fall release in the US. If you have no idea where to start, just watch the trailer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Update: The skybox should be finished sometime in the middle of May sometime, so let's go on with this again!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it is safe to assume that Blizzard has some work left to do to add more skyboxes for the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is not the case for you as I would not buy a ticket to see this or anyone else, as it would definitely be a very expensive upgrade to you for now. The fact is that after getting a few things, you only have to wait for it to become part of real life for a while again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you ever wondered what has happened to Skybound? You are lucky!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Posts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Class changes were meant to be very specific in which changes were coming, and that was the part of the reason they were implemented.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Classes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The idea of "not specific" is just that not every change will necessarily appear in the next patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So if a change was very specific from what I have seen in recent patches, I don't think that is what you should assume it means.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also, if I am being entirely honest, we generally don't even want to be too specific about what changes are coming, since the community has probably reached some level of saturation where players don't care much about the details.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's probably one of the reasons we kept things all in some sort of official codename, such as "We all liked the way your class behaved at the end of the last patch anyway", or "It's just a bug or something". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as an aside, the old WoW forums and game forums were all pretty much exactly this kind of thing. The devs weren't really trying to solve every problem we had, but just as a community we came to the conclusion that you could have fun with the same classes, so we just had to be on it like a proverbial}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UI Adjustments}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several UI adjustments are coming. These include making the ability to change the UI faster with more powerful tools, being able to move the map a good distance, and new tools for the UI: the mouse wheel will give players additional control over the UI, and the buttons for UI actions will be more visible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We also want to address the situation where you could have a UI that isn't displaying correctly due to a bug or design issue. This will be addressed in a future patch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ability to move is a very important UI feature. Moving is not a bug and we'll work on adding a mouse click to move the map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't see many UI problems with the mouse wheel anymore. If it's bugged, we'll fix it soon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We want to address the issue of the map zoom having issues right now, which causes movement to be too slow when the map is zoomed out. We will add a fix soon, so that this will not affect you while zoomed out. In any case, the fix should not be a big deal and will help with the issue on it's own.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We want to fix these issues with the mouse wheel and the ability to change the map. This is only the first issue we want to address with the map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We want to fix our issue with the ability to move the map if it's bugged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We still want the mouse wheel to be able to zoom out. In any case, it's not intended to be}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 General}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players may now log in at night by visiting the Adventure Journal window. This will now only appear after 8.0.2 is installed. If you've already reached level 91 with the new World of Warcraft client, you will not be able to see these changes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There should now be more clear warning for players to be careful with items dropped by the enemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How about when everyone has something with some kind of cool effect?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure there's a huge opportunity to get everyone really excited about some kind of change unless you're really passionate about the idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We would probably have to spend a lot more time on it, so it probably would have to work hard, with a lot of development time to really figure out what it is people want. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How about when everyone has something with some kind of cool effect?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure there's a huge opportunity to get everyone really excited about some kind of change unless you're really passionate about the idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We would probably have to spend a lot more time on it, so it probably would have to work hard, with a lot of development time to really figure out what it is people want. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 User Interface}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle for Azeroth interface has changed to be more open and intuitive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It should have a new interface layout for spells that are disabled by player movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The combat script should no longer go off during casting combat, and the Combat Log will give a warning when it does.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Action Bar should no longer be lost on moving while the spell target is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The action bar should not display as though you are dying, dying, dying, dying, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage, taking damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nether Tempest is the one talent you need to get started with. It's not a core talent, but it's a good one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let's start with a little background.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is Nether Tempest?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a new talent available in Cataclysm, it's available to all characters on your account, and it's a proc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What does it do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a new talent that increases the critical strike chance of Nether Tempest by 15% for 10 seconds. This is increased to 50% for 10 seconds after Nether Tempest has been cast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When does it proc?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The proc rate depends on whether the target is in a Nether Tempest, in a Nether Tempest, or in a Nether Tempest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How does it work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The effect is triggered when the target has Nether Tempest on them. It's a global effect. You can't have Nether Tempest on yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the benefit of having Nether Tempest on a target?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a good idea to have Nether Tempest on a target, especially when you have a Nether Tempest on a friend. It's not a good idea to have Nether Tempest on your friend's character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you mean by that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a global effect, it's a proc, it's a global, it's a global. You can't have Nether Tempest on yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not trying to be rude, but I'll just say this, Nether Tempest is a nice little buff to help you survive a boss fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the problem with having Nether Tempest on a target?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can't have Nether Tempest on your own character, or you won't be able to use Nether Tempest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why not have it on your own character?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a nice little buff to help you survive a boss fight. It's not a good idea to have Nether Tempest on your own character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a nice little buff to help you survive a boss fight. It's not a good idea to have Nether Tempest on your own character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We can't have Nether Tempest on your own character because that's not cool enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've never said that Nether Tempest is cool enough. We think we have enough of a reason to have it on our own character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What's the benefit of having Nether Tempest on a target?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 game" to change the order of these effects; when you first select the first one, it changes the sequence of what's happening first and everything that follows has a longer-term effect on you, but the sequence in which it changes is random.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In terms of what goes into the new "Battle.net" button, we've already shown off some of the effects. It will change the order of abilities you select in a battle, it will change the order of the abilities and actions that go towards that goal. It'll also change your target. It's a really important tool for us as designers, it's a really important tool for us as programmers, and we want those things to be truly exciting for you. It has to be fun. It has to be entertaining for you. If it didn't, then it shouldn't exist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the reason why it's important for designers, the reason why it's important for programmers, isn't just to be fun to work on. It's also so that people will know where the mechanics are coming from because we want them to have a way to know where the mechanics are coming from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you're making something that's a whole game in the context of the Battle.net feature, sometimes we need to have something to reset. We need to get to a point where, when you first launch the game and it launches on the Battle.net system, you have the choice of doing some cool stuff on the first few screens, you can see the Battle.net menu and it's this thing like the "battle log" option, you can do your Battle.net stuff, but after that the Battle.net system shuts down, you have to log out, you can play a match, and then we get it in the next phase where we can create the Battle.net experience, where we can change the character and the objective that you have and start the fight, and that's when it can be really fun to make those changes. That's when it's really exciting to work on what goes into the Battle.net button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a designer, we want characters to be fun, in particular with the new abilities, you shouldn't have to put too much time into it. I think that goes beyond just that, that goes beyond the "let's make a character who is so awesome that they should have to do a lot of cool abilities" because there are other ways to make characters that get you that feel cool, and we just want to make sure it's fun. That's one thing I love about the game is it has lots of things to do with the world and the world has lots of places, it has lots of abilities, it has lots of locations to explore and there is lots of interesting lore and stuff. For example, I'm a big fan of the idea that the Battle.net screen has a way to let you unlock quests and abilities, you can tell people, "Oh, I got your ability. This guy is gonna be really cool and let me unlock it for you." No, it's like, that's a feature you can put to your character and then unlock it, I can, you can tell him, "Let me play now. I got an ability that's good for now and it's gonna help me save my wife from this dude," but we want to let you know what that ability is, we want to see how it works, if it's fun, if it's fun. We don't want to say, "You'll have to wait a day or four days for this. That's not a cool ability."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the Battle.net system shuts down, we have to get to the new abilities from that screen, we have to find a way to do all of that cool stuff we want to do without it having to take forever. For this particular fight, we have the option to go into the Battle.net menu and you can get those abilities for your current hero. You don't have to wait that long, you don't have to spend the time. When people do buy into that, we are able to create a new hero, a new class. We are able to do things with that, like we got to make the warrior a bit more stealthy and this warrior a bit more stealthy. We're able to turn, I've got a skill, like I used to fight the troll, I had some heal, I had some attack, and I'm a warrior, and if you don't take one of the passive things you can do, we create a new Warrior. We make the troll move much more quickly. We take our attack away. We don't put the attack down immediately. We wait for the moment when things are finally happening and then we do it. We start attacking, we take out the troll if necessary. We get the fight started, we get the game started, we start making money, we get the game started, and we start making money at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. Will there be another level of rewards to earn in order to achieve the goals above?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. Most likely, yes. The goal will be to earn both an Honor rating as well as a Bronze medal. We want players to feel amazing about the achievement and it's not going to feel like we're giving them a reason to do more content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. How many new PvP zones can you tell us of?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. There are currently 12 PvE zones in the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. You've said before that "We don't think we've done anything wrong in the past." How is the game designed to allow players to customize their own experience?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. We don't have a large amount of story in the game, and our story always begins and end within the MMO.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, before everything happens in this episode, here's what your Alliance is looking for in this upcoming fight:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Alliance is asking for something from us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An Alliance Hero.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are a member of the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will need a Hero's Circle to do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will need a Hero of the Black Temple to carry out the mission for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will need Hero of Azshara to assist you in this fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have reached this point of combat with a Hero you have never fought before. You are ready to stand up against the other members of the Circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have been killed and there is no one else there to save you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s said that the PvP in World of Warcraft is just a way to provide some fun for people who enjoy PvP. For many players, it seems as though the gameplay is more rewarding when PvP is fun: It gives players a chance to kill and loot others to achieve victory. Is there any truth to that? What makes this PvP different}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here are a few more examples of new hotkeys and improvements to existing keys. The list of new hotkeys in the previous screenshot are just the latest ones we found, you might also see the same hotkeys under different names on a new character you're playing or a different color to the previous ones:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 + /cancel/cancel - Cancel a quest and immediately quit the current quest. Useful for PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 + /moveTarget/MoveTarget - Move a target target with a particular spec, or any spec with a specific type of target in the UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 + /target - Move a target target.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New hotkeys}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The list below shows some of the new keys that will be added this game release:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 + /focusFire - Focus a fire elemental.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patch 5.4 Dungeons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You're not going to like the new dungeons because most items you will get from them are useless. You are going to have to rely on dungeons for gold because most raids have a lot of gold. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To help with that, WoWZone has a few things that help. The }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1 You can find all of the old quests in your favorite WotLK zone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2  There are a lot of random people that visit dungeons, but most of them don't bother with the quest. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3 You can also find all of the quests on the PTR. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4 Finally, some of them will reward you with gold. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5  I believe you will come across the new 5 man normal difficulty dungeons. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gnome Tweets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If gnomes were introduced in the old days and never played WoW, the result would be the troll. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [...] It is not necessary to have a good player game with a good server. You are doing a more valuable job at the same time. Celestalon }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [...] I find it more important than ever for me to manage my own game. I would also strongly suggest that you are responsible for your own game and not the other way. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old days were all about the raid team!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't make MMOs to make your life easier, our game was designed by people. You could take the time to read the original beta notes to see what the changes were, but you probably wouldn't be in a lot of trouble. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I still like the lore, but the real question is, why not go back and add more lore into the game?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not really a good use of my time. It would help immensely. And yeah, most of us like lore when we read it. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you explain why you want to keep Lore "borrowed" so much?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We love it," I said "Because players love a little bit of lore that has been brought up in the past." That seems pretty reasonable to me, is it not an issue that it does not carry itself, or will it? Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would you want to keep Lore? Why not just make more lore out of it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is one of the main reasons I have gotten into WoW. I play like a troll. I like to be a little mischievous. Celestalon }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I really liked the Lore in Cataclysm, but now I hate the feeling of nostalgia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The main reason I still play WoW is it has been a great experience but is the same reason I love my roleplaying games, I do the same thing from time to time, when I feel they are appropriate. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will you return to the lore from the old days, or be more explicit in how you want to play the lore?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: The Ultimate Game Guide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: A New Blizzard Game Guide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: What's Next?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: The Legacy of Firelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Hearthstone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard Heroes on Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Xbox 360}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard Heroes on PS3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes of the Storm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes of the Storm: Season 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard on the History of Blizzard Games}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Blizzard Worlds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard to be the Official Store for Call of Duty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE at the Gamescom 2011}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes: A Game of Thrones Adventure Game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes of the Storm on PC}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Marvel Heroes on Xbox 360 and Xbox One}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Heroes of the Storm: Season 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Warcraft Legends}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Warcraft}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Overwatch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Overwatch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Overwatch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Warcraft Legends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Worlds/Multi-Games}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Kingdoms of Azeroth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: World of Warcraft\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE At BlizzCon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Overwatch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Overwatch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: WoW Legends Edition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: World of Warcraft\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE at BlizzCon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: World of Warcraft\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE World Championship Series\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: WoW Legends Edition: Blizzcon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: WoW Legends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: We Are Blizzard, We Are Blizzard, We Are Blizzard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: Blizzcon 2012 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: WoW}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard: the StarCraft\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE\u194\'C2\u174\'AE Universe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to me like a bunch of kids on Halloween, with nothing but a bottle of pumpkin spice, like "I have to keep my powers." I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t imagine them doing the opposite, though I do wish they never made these things. We just don\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t want to see them used for anything else besides to create some kind of Halloween costume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All right, good point! I am just saying that the ability for me to be in the party of the night is a big thing in my mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How would you describe the playerbase? What do you think the community wants to see? Is this a problem in the design?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have been playing WoW since 2004 and I have no idea what you have seen yet, so I would say that the community is kind of a blank slate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have been a professional game designer and I can tell you that I have never been in a group that had all the abilities they are currently seeing offered. The "game design" is often a joke, and players have a certain amount of empathy toward it, but rarely do they actually test it out. These are usually the players that do not play an MMORPG, and they do not actually play the game they play.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How much can you give us a good idea of what people want today? How much of the game is you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can say in my opinion the community values the game at a level they are likely to accept more and more, even though it is a new thing. This is my impression, and I know it is a fair opinion, but we also know a lot of others have to agree as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do you see the world of games as you see it today?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think we will see more and more players who want more, just like we see more and more people who want fewer and fewer things than now. That isn't an unreasonable expectation by any stretch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you think should be removed from MMO design? I understand where we are coming from when we say "it's a good idea to be more about this or that" but I think that is only a symptom of that issue. You can always come back and say "This is a good idea, why not a new feature". I think it can't be that easy to come up with a new or even a better game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it was good that Blizzard's approach was to not remove the old MMO from the market. If you don't like it, we don't get that, but if you are the only one who does and are still coming here , we don't get that either. I think the community is more likely to have a good view of the game instead of looking for the next best thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we have too many changes to consider and a new player is going to be in, we have too many changes to consider.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What else is working in your opinion as a fan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the current design is not working well right now. It's frustrating when it feels like the player isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t going to be a player at all. You might see the game as a new and relatively unfamiliar player, which is a great design, and the most compelling reason we make MMOs, right?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you want to talk about changing mechanics, they might be one of the best things in the game to do. You can make the player feel like what they are doing is interesting, but there should only be very good reasons to do something that isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t a new feature. We have a long tradition of making new features and changing them based on player feedback. This is why we don't want to see a game where players can either take the experience and get to know the mechanics or just say to the devs to just ignore them, but it\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s okay. Some ideas are always better and some ideas are always just more fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You do agree that players aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t going to keep coming back to old games to play?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure if they want to. The old MMO may not work for you, but maybe they are tired of it and are willing to give in. If this happens you should consider whether there is a better new MMO out there somewhere else. That is often the message I hear, so it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s a good idea to have some kind of community feedback.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is your view on the state of World of Warcraft and MMO Design? Do you think that some of the features and concepts are not that great and that MMO design isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t getting to a point where the players are able to enjoy it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think MMO Design is getting so far off track. I don't think it's fair to say MMO Design has become less. I don't want to hear you saying that MMO Design doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t work, but if you say that it doesn\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t work and that new ideas are bad ideas, you are simply not thinking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mage Tower Upgrade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some mage towers are getting improved stats!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard released the changes in the changelog}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mage Tower has received an upgrade from -30% health up to -50%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You guys have pretty much always had a "skill is hard" mantra. Are there ever more than 2 professions which are difficult to have/have?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actually yes. I mean, it used to be "I can only get on one beast" and "I cant get on two mounts" but it just got to be very obvious as the 2nd specialization. It's kinda a double-edged sword. I really don't think we've found a perfect balance yet. I don't say that it's one of those rare cases but we do think it might be the case.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. Are you aware that players want to be able to do things other than be solo players or guilds for longer hours? If so, what have you done to provide these more options? How do you feel about this feature being more available?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. This one is easy -- we have added multiple options for players to choose to be more or less on their own and not have to depend on the system as a whole for the duration of their raid. On a personal note, the fact that an encounter you can do for up to 3 days that everyone wants to do, is much more enjoyable, than say a raid where you can only do that to 30% is a huge improvement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. What does your team think about the addition of the new raid options? Are they helpful for new player experience or at least for raiders who have never done dungeons before?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. This is our hope -- as with all the new content that the team has been working on, we hope to let players have a great time doing what they want without the fear or the expectation that you will be able to do things that other players will get bored of and won't be able to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. Some of your fans still have the need to complete content faster and faster. You've taken a strong stance against speedruns as well. How do you think speedruns have impacted the experience of the game?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. Speedruns have always made the experience of the game and so it's good for many players as well, though it does make for a very bad experience for those who like slow, quick, or quick wins. We think some of the current design space would benefit from being able to offer a different type of experience, but there would have to be additional systems for achieving the same ends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Q. Players like the idea of having to do something new while leveling. Do you plan to make new content faster for them and not provide old content faster?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A. While no one likes new content, we do want players to have a lot of the time of doing an old content to come back. To that end however, we also do want the new content to be in the same place as the old content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  want to offer the players what they want with what they do. If there were more quests, and maybe they would be a lot more fun, that's cool. But for now the focus is on making sure that you want to have fun while leveling up. As you get stronger and more gear, it gets easier to get more rewards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of this is to say that leveling isn't meant to be boring, and it isn't meant for every person who runs into the dungeon. The intent is for you to make fun choices as you try to get all of your stats. As you get stronger, some of the rewards become easier to obtain. When you get to a better state for your talent points, more and more choice is being made in which talent points you get. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, as some players get higher and higher to go, more choices must be made to reach their maximum potential. When I say max possible, I am not talking about a point where someone reaches max level in all of the classes that they want to, but even there you will go over and over in different ways. You won't be 100% sure of which talent points or stat modifiers that you get per level, but that's a lot of things that you can choose from. I think for now, players are really excited for the new content, particularly since it is more epic, and of course you'll be going for several levels after that if you are really good at those things. But, the new dungeon mechanics are new and fun and don't currently have any clear cut requirements to them other than to get the most experience possible by playing every way possible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that is all we have for now. We'll keep you posted on everything we have planned, so feel free to let us know what suggestions you might have in the comments. Thank you!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Havoc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Havoc could be a bit of an "oh that's a cool ability" ability, like what the Warlock has, and I've not seen evidence that Havoc is really a "feature" for that. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WotLK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, we will. In the patch notes, there are a number of reference to "WotLK". It just means that it's coming to World of Warcraft. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  probably the only option to avoid people having their hair cut and having it be the same color in a future patch. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src=""></script><noscript><a href="">How do I get the "Revealing" buff from the New Darkspear Shaman?</a>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As we mentioned in our original post about the original Shred buff, it is a fairly simple system to get the buff. If you have the "Darkspear Shaman" mount and can summon your "Darkspear Shaman" with your chosen totem, you will receive the buff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Heart of Fear is a new world of fear and dread that is almost entirely open to the players of the Warcraft universe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Heart of Fear is a vast, beautiful world of magic and wonder, where the Burning Legion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s savagery has long been a source of great peril and untold horrors. Here, the Old Gods have long been at war with the demons, and the festering wounds of the Burning Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s war with the demon lords have only deepened the threat they pose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Heart of Fear\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s inhabitants are haunted by the terrible events that transpired in the mortal world during the Second War. But fear is a powerful ally of the Old Gods, and the threat they pose to the world is immense. The Heart of Fear is at the heart of the Old Gods\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99 conflict, and a battle between the Old Gods and the forces of the Burning Legion has raged for millennia.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's been a great success, and we have to say thanks to everyone for that," said Alex Pavlina, Senior Producer for Hearthstone. "The team has been working on a lot of different projects and we have the privilege of working with some incredible players. We have a great new game coming to the Wii U\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8222\'84\u162\'A2, and we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re excited to announce that we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re working on a new Hearthstone game for the next-generation console, the next-generation Xbox\u226\'E2\u8222\'84\u162\'A2. This game will be a collaboration between Blizzard and Activision, and we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re excited to be bringing it to the Wii U, which will allow us to bring Hearthstone to more people around the world."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BlizzCon 2010 Virtual Ticket Now Available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The BlizzCon Virtual Ticket is now available for purchase  for $199 USD and is now available in the Blizzard Shop  for $199. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Virtual Ticket is a live, high-definition television show that provides a live stream of the show to your TV at home. The show provides up to 60 minutes of exclusive content, including the BlizzCon live stream, all of the major eSports events, the World of Warcraft\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE Arena World Championship and the StarCraft\u194\'C2\u174\'AE II: Wings of Liberty\u194\'C2\u174\'AE expansion. You can also get access to the show via the online Blizzard Shop }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99ve also added a new feature to the Blizzard Shop  to allow you to purchase the Virtual Ticket for your own computer, tablet, and phone. You can now purchase the Virtual Ticket for the Microsoft\u194\'C2\u174\'AE Windows\u194\'C2\u174\'AE operating system for $199 for a one-time payment of $199 plus taxes and fees, up to a maximum monthly subscription fee of $749.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virtual Ticket Now Available for $199}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Virtual Ticket now offers a full, uncompressed, uncompressed, uncompressed 1080p HD stream of the show, including the broadcast of the broadcast of the show to your TV.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Virtual Ticket is available to order now from the Blizzard Shop  for $199. If you want to purchase the Virtual Ticket for the Windows\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE operating system, you have until October 25 at 11:59 PM PDT to pay $199 plus taxes and fees, up to a maximum monthly subscription fee of $749.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For more information about the Virtual Ticket, please visit www.blizzcon2010.com/vr.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Virtual Ticket is compatible with the following operating systems:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windows\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE 7}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windows\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE 8}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windows\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE 10}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mac\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\u174\'AE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearthstone is a card that is not on the PTR yet. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not sure how to explain it at this point, but I will try to explain it in a couple of ways.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, the Hearthstone card design is a very collaborative one. I do not think that the original cards had any great intention of being fun or exciting. They were designed to be fun and exciting, not to be fun and exciting. The game is about a group of heroes, not about a single player, but there is always a chance that some of the cards will become more about the fun of the group rather than the fun of the group itself. We have a lot of cards that are fun and exciting, and some that are fun and challenging, but they all share the same rules. That is how the game works.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it was one of the biggest things that made Hearthstone feel like a real game. It has a lot of cards that are fun and exciting, and some that are fun and challenging, but they all share the same rules. That is how the game works.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that Hearthstone has always had a strong sense of place for a lot of players, but I think that the Hearthstone team has been able to bring that to the game. I think it is something that everyone should try and take part in at some point. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the key to Hearthstone is that the game is built around the idea of a shared goal, and the world is a big place. We are in a very big fantasy world, and we are trying to make sure that it feels more epic than ever. We are trying to make sure that we are making sure that we are giving players as much freedom as possible to engage in the story and not just the action. We are trying to make sure that we are giving players a wide array of abilities and spells, and we are trying to make sure that we are giving players a lot of freedom in how they can customize their character and build their character. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game is a really good opportunity for players to have their own individual stories that they can play out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fact that the game is a cooperative game is something that is really appealing to us. I think that players will always find a reason to play when they play the game. We have always tried to make sure that the game is accessible, but we have also always tried to make sure that it is not as hard as other games. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that we have always tried to give players a variety of ways to customize their character. We have tried to make sure that we have some really unique abilities and spells that are only used when you are really fighting the enemy. We have tried to make sure that we have some really unique spells that have a chance to be used by a lot of different classes. I think that there is a lot of overlap between classes, and it makes it feel like you are in a world that is a little bit more unique and different than the other games that have come before. I think that we have always been interested in the idea that the game can be a little bit more about the world, and not just the heroes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that the game is a lot more about the world and not just the heroes. I think that this is one of the things that is really exciting about Hearthstone. I think that we have always had a strong sense of place for a lot of players, but I think that the Hearthstone team has been able to bring that to the game. I think that the game is a really good opportunity for players to have their own individual stories that they can play out. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that the fact that the game is a cooperative game is something that is really appealing to us. I think that we have always had a strong sense of place for a lot of players, but I think that the Hearthstone team has been able to bring that to the game. I think that the game has a strong sense of place for a lot of players, and I think that it is a great opportunity for players to have their own personal stories to tell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that Hearthstone has always had a strong sense of place for a lot of players, and I think that it is a great opportunity for players to have their own personal stories to tell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that the game has always had a strong sense of place for a lot of players, and I think that it is a great opportunity for players to have their own personal stories to tell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that there is a lot of overlap between classes, and I think that we have always tried to make sure that the game is accessible and easy to learn. I think that we have always tried to give players the freedom to choose their class. I think that I agree with the argument that we have always tried to make that there is always a chance that some of the spells that we have made are going to be overpowered. I think that we have always tried to make}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle is now officially over. The tournament has begun, and the battle for the world championship is about to begin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle for the world championship is underway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle for the World Championship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle for the World Championship is a double elimination bracket, where the top 8 teams from the North America region will be seeded into a single elimination bracket. After that, teams will be placed in a single elimination bracket, and then the tournament will be played out to the best of 7.5.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the wake of the terrible events of the War of the Three Hammers, the three factions have declared war on the world. The battle for Azeroth is coming to a head!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Horde and the Alliance, with the assistance of the Horde's powerful hero, Arthas Menethil, have begun a series of quests to gather resources to help rebuild the ruined world. As these quests progress, they will unlock additional powers to aid their cause, and the quests will become more and more difficult.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arthas will also help the Horde and the Alliance with their quests, as well as provide new powers to aid them in their cause.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each time the Horde and the Alliance complete a quest, the quest will become more challenging and you will need to work together to complete it. When it is complete, Arthas will reward you with a piece of loot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alliances will also be able to unlock additional abilities for their hero through additional quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From time to time, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99ll announce a number of things related to World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade. We\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re excited to announce that we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re working on a new expansion for World of Warcraft, The Burning Crusade: Rise of Azshara. We\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re also excited to announce that we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re working on a new expansion for StarCraft\u194\'C2\u174\'AE: Legacy of the Void\u226\'E2\u8222\'84\u162\'A2.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re also happy to announce that we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re also working on a new expansion for Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, which we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re calling Hearthstone: The Burning Crusade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In addition, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re also excited to announce that we\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re working on a new expansion for World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade: Rise of Azshara. The Burning Crusade will take place in the ruined world of Azeroth after the events of the Cataclysm. The Burning Legion is a demonic force that has arisen in the world of Azeroth, and it\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s up to the heroes to stop it. The heroes have been battling the forces of the Burning Legion since the beginning of the war between the Horde and the Alliance, but the conflict is far from over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning Legion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s assault on Azeroth has set in motion a chain of events that will lead to the end of the world, and the arrival of the Burning Legion. This new expansion will be a brand-new story with an epic conclusion. The story begins with the events of the Battle of Dazar\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99alor, when the armies of both the Horde and the Alliance must take the fight to the heart of the Burning Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s power. As the heroes of both sides prepare for their ultimate battle, they will encounter the Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s most powerful champions, the Burning Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s greatest champions, and the mysterious and powerful draenei who stand in their way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new chapter opens in the Warcraft universe when the heroes of the Horde and the Alliance face the Burning Legion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s greatest champions, who have all fled to the world\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s inner sanctums to face the Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s might. With the help of the draenei, the heroes of the Horde and the Alliance will be able to face the forces of the Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s war effort.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story of the Burning Crusade begins with the events of the Battle of Dazar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99alor. The battle between the Horde and the Alliance has erupted into a full-scale conflict that threatens the very existence of Azeroth. The orcs, orcs, and their blood elf allies have held the planet for nearly a thousand years, and now it is up to the heroes to stop the Burning Legion\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s reign of terror.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The heroes of the Horde and the Alliance have begun a campaign to reclaim Azeroth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s once-forgotten treasures, but the ancient enemy of Azeroth is far from defeated. The forces of the heroes must now face the forces of the Burning Legion, who have been at the forefront of the assault against the world. In the face of the demonic forces that have begun to threaten the world, the heroes must once again face their greatest foes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The heroes will face a series of new challenges as they try to reclaim Azeroth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s treasures, including the location of the first of the great two-pronged axe, which is located within the depths of the depths of the world, and the location of the second of the great two-pronged axe, which lies at the center of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Black Ops - Burning Legion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning Legion has entered Azeroth! They have taken the city of Lordaeron, and they will be stopping by the Battle for Azeroth in a few moments. You can head out into the Battle for Azeroth and kill the creatures that spawn, as well as the Warlocks, to earn the Iron Horde's new achievement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Head out into the Battle for Azeroth and kill the Warlocks, Warlocks, Warlocks, and Warlocks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once you kill the Warlocks, you will be given a choice between the following achievements:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in a single life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage II  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in two lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage III  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in three lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage IV  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in four lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage V  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in five lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Burning Rage VI  - Kill the Warlocks in the Battle for Azeroth in six lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The expansion will introduce a new class, Warlock, to World of Warcraft, with new spells and abilities. Players will be able to choose from a wide array of Warlocks, including the fearsome Warlocks of the Burning Legion, the chaotic and deadly Shadow Priests, the mighty Feral Druids, and the formidable and deadly Nightborne. The Warlords of Draenor will join forces with other players and their pets, and will take on a variety of challenges and experiences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We're not just going to say, 'Okay, you're done. We don't need you anymore.' "}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm talking about how the MMO community has changed over the years and how it is today. I think it's safe to say that, in the last 10 years, the MMO community has become a much more dynamic place. The internet has changed the way people interact with each other. And, as a result, it has changed the way that people think and play.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that's the biggest thing that's changed about the MMO community: the amount of opinion that we have, and the amount of free time we have to devote to it. We have a lot of opinions. We have a lot of rules, and we have a lot of social norms that we have to abide by. The internet has been a very powerful force for the MMO community, and that has changed the way we interact with each other.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's important to understand that, from our perspective, it's still a great place to get new experiences, but we don't think it's a place that we want to be. We want to create something that we feel will be a better experience for players, but at the same time, we want to make sure that it's not the place that every player is going to play. If you feel that the MMO community has not been doing its job, we will try to make sure that you know that we have plans to make sure that the game experience for you is better.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not saying that the community has always been the most active and creative. We've all been there, and we know that we're not always the best at what we do. It's important to understand that we're all human beings, and we make mistakes. We make mistakes, and we'll make more mistakes in the future. But we also make the best decisions we can make for the best interests of the game, and we're not going to let that happen by just reacting to the feelings of people who disagree with us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're going to try to make sure that there's an honest discussion about the direction of the game and about the direction of the game and the direction of the community, and that we take those conversations into account. I think it's a very important part of that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, I think that it's important to recognize that the MMO community is not just a place where you post about your own experiences with a game. It's a place where you interact with other players, and it's a place where you make your own contributions to the game. I think it's a place where you can make your own contributions to the game, and it's a place where you can make your own decisions about what you want to see in the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you think back to when I first started working on a game, I was a guy who played almost every MMO and every game, and I spent most of my time playing games. I loved the community, and I loved the freedom of being able to make my own decisions about what I wanted to do with my life. I also loved the fact that I could make my own decisions about what I wanted to see in the game. I also loved the freedom of being able to make my own choices about what I wanted to see in the game. I think that's the main reason why I never stopped playing games, and I always wanted to be a part of the community. But I never had the opportunity to be a part of the community. I never had the chance to play in the game. I never had the chance to make my own decisions. I never had the opportunity to make my own decisions. I never had the chance to do something for the community. I never had the opportunity to show my true colors. I never had the opportunity to make my own decisions about what I wanted to see in the game. I never had the opportunity to show my true colors. I never had the chance to make the game better. I never had the chance to do anything for the community.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that I have a new job, and I'm also a cofounder of a company, I have a lot of freedom. I have more freedom than ever before, and I have the freedom to make the game better. I can make the game better. I can make it better and better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better. I can make it better and better and better.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But, that's the point. I'm not trying to tell you what you should or shouldn't do with your life. I'm just saying that I think it's important to note that the best thing you can do is try to be happy and be creative. I've found that's what I'm most passionate about, and that's what I'm most excited about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I'm going to try to be a bit more honest with you guys. I don't think I'm ever going to be able to be a professional musician. I'm not going to be able to play guitar or drums or anything. I'm not going to be able to play a keyboard or anything. I'm going to have to learn to play the piano or something. I'm going to have to learn to write songs. I'm going to have to learn to play the drums or the guitar or whatever. I'm not going to be able to do all of those things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm going to be an artist. I'm going to make art. I'm going to make art for the sake of making art. I'm going to make art for the sake of making art.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm going to make art for the sake of making art. I don't care about having to compromise to make it work. I don't care about the music. I don't care about the art. I care about the music. I care about the art. I think that's the beauty of the art world in general. It's not about creating something and then making it work. It's about creating something that you enjoy, and then playing it to your friends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that's what I think the problem with the game is with the music, with the game, with the game design. I think it's easy for the music to be too easy. I think there's too much of that. I think the music can be too easy. I think there's too much of that in games. I think the game can be too easy too. I think that's part of it. I think you should make the game easier. I think you should make the game harder. I think the games should be more about making choices. I think you should be able to make the game more difficult, but I don't think that's easy. I think the game should be more about finding fun and fun in the game. I think it's just a matter of time until the game gets really difficult.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think we're at a point now where the game design is too easy and the music is too easy. I think the game design is too easy and the music is too easy. I think it's a little bit of a pain to make games because we have to make the game harder. I think there is a little bit of that in games now. I think there's a little bit of that in the music. I think it's easy to get too much into the game and to make it too easy. I think we've gone too far with the music. I think we've gone too far with the music. I think it's too easy for the music to be too easy. I think there is a little bit of that in the games. I think the game is too easy to make. I think it's too easy for the game to be too easy. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think the game is too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think it's too easy to make fun. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music is too easy. I think the music}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the next build, we're going to be making some improvements to the summoner spells.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sending a summon to a location}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, we're going to be making it so that you can send your summon to a location. This will allow you to summon a random NPC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not yet clear if the range on this will be 5 yards or 10 yards, or if you'll be able to send your summon to a 10 yard range.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The duration of this ability is determined by your mount. If you have a flying mount, you'll be able to cast this on the ground. The cooldown is also fixed at 10 seconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The target of the spell will be in the location you specified.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You'll need to be able to see the target in order to cast this. If you can't see the target, you'll need to be able to see the spell in the spellbook.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's possible that you'll also need to be able to target the target with the spells you've been using since the last time your summon was summoned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The target of the spell will also be able to use the spell, but it won't be possible to target a mob that is currently in the area.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The summon will be able to be targeted again if you move the mount away from the target.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This spell will only work in Cataclysm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Daily Blink  reports that a new "secret" to the upcoming World of Warcraft: Cataclysm expansion is coming soon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a mystery...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is the world changing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are two answers: The world will change, and the world will change faster.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world will change, because the human race has been fighting for centuries to save the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world will change, because a new threat has risen to threaten the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world will change because the Horde and the Alliance have begun to make progress toward a new peace that will culminate in a new era of peace, prosperity, and friendship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Horde and the Alliance have been at each other's throats for centuries. Now the tide has finally turned and the Horde and the Alliance have begun to build a new alliance to fight the Horde and the Alliance's war machine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This alliance is called the Horde and the Alliance, and it will be a struggle between the Horde and the Alliance to reclaim the world from the Burning Legion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war between the Horde and the Alliance is already well-known, but the war will be even more intense once the orcs have been defeated by the heroes of the Horde and the Alliance. The war will rage for centuries, and the world will change forever.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have always been a fierce, savage, and dangerous species, and they have always been at each others' throats. But the orcs are also extraordinarily resourceful, and they have learned a great deal about how to survive and thrive in the face of the harsh world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also extremely cunning and adaptable. They are also remarkably well-equipped with a variety of weapons and armor, and the orcs have been known to use them to great effect in warfare.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also incredibly resilient, and their bodies are remarkably strong. The orcs are also incredibly resilient, and they are even capable of sustaining tremendous damage for years without requiring any help from their allies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also incredibly strong-willed and powerful, and their determination and drive to succeed are legendary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also extremely adaptable, and they have been known to use their cunning and resourcefulness to great effect in warfare.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also extremely adaptable, and their ability to adapt to the world around them is legendary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also incredibly resilient, and their resilience is legendary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also extremely resilient, and their resilience is legendary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs are also incredibly adaptable, and their resilience is legendary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have also been known to use magic to great effect, and they are highly skilled at controlling the magical energies that flow through their blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic. The orcs have a history of taking great risks, and the orcs have a history of experimenting with magic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you're not going to be able to change it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're not going to give you the ability to change your class until you've spent a lot of time leveling. It's not a great experience to suddenly find yourself on the wrong tier for the next tier, which is why we're going to be putting it in a different way. We're also going to be removing the requirement that you have at least one level-10 character to queue for the new class.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We don't want you to feel obligated to use the new class. We want you to feel like you're getting the experience you want, and the rewards you want, and the excitement you want. We just want you to feel like you're playing a character you want to play, not a character you have to play to get the experience you want.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In fact, the same applies to your character's appearance. We want you to feel like you're playing a character you want to play, not a character you have to play to get the experience you want.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Attack of the Priest is back, and it's time for another quick preview of the new Priest spell: Holy Shock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Holy Shock  is a very similar spell to Mind Flay  in the way it deals damage, but it has a more powerful effect. It has a chance to trigger a second Heal  or Prayer of Mending  and it also heals for an additional % of the damage dealt by your next Mind Blast  or Mind Spike }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue Posts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The developers have been very quiet since the release of the game and the game is in a fairly good state. We feel that the time has come to talk about it again, so here it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard has had a very different experience with the players in regards to the Lich King. They have been very quiet since the release of the game, and we feel that it is time for a bit of a talk about the Lich King.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Lich King is the first of many stories to come to the story of Warcraft lore. We have a lot of stories to tell about the rise of the Lich King and the conflict between the forces of the Old Gods and the Scourge. The story of the Lich King itself is a big part of the Warcraft story, and we wanted to give you a bit more insight into how we developed the Lich King and the events that have transpired since then.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Lich King has been a major part of the Warcraft lore since the Warcraft novels were first published in 1996, and that is reflected in the fact that we have never really fully developed him or his story. The Warcraft universe is one of the most complex, rich, and interactive worlds in gaming history, and we wanted to give players a deeper insight into the world that they have been introduced to through the Warcraft novels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Lich King is a dark figure, and we wanted to give players a chance to see him in the context of the other stories that are unfolding in the Warcraft universe. We knew we wanted to give players a deeper insight into the origins of the Warcraft universe, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King and his plans for world domination, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see his secret past, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see his true intentions and motivations, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see his true intentions and intentions, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see his true intentions and motivations, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a threat to the world, and that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a hero, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a protector, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a champion, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a champion, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a hero, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a protector, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a champion, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a champion, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a protector, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a hero, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to see the rise of the Lich King as a champion, but that was a bit too broad. We wanted to give players a chance to}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dreadwing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dreadwing  is a boss in Mythic+ dungeons. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is also a pet that you can summon at will, and is a reward from the Warlords of Draenor mount achievement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During the Warlords of Draenor encounter, the Dreadwing will be summoned at the end of the fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His attacks can be dodged or parried, but he will also occasionally cast an ability, such as a Heart Strike.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He has a variety of abilities, including Soul Swapping, which causes a small amount of health to be transferred to the target and cause the target to take a small amount of damage. Soul Swapping also causes the Dreadwing to cast Soul Tear, which heals the Dreadwing for a small amount.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dreadwing is a very dangerous creature, and should only be fought by players who have earned the achievement Defeat the Dreadwing }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with the whole "buffed-for-loot" system is that it is also very good at being a way for players to get loot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the biggest problem with the system is that it's very good at rewarding the same thing for everybody. If you don't like PvP gear, you can always get it from loot. If you don't like PvP gear, you can always get it from quest rewards. I would argue that we should probably just leave loot entirely to the players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I'm getting to the point where I'm getting a little tired of having to tell players how to loot, and I think it's time for something a little different. I think that we need a new system where the loot system is a little more flexible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The issue is that loot is also a very powerful motivator for players. I think it's important that we keep that in mind when we're designing loot, but it's also important that we understand that it can be very powerful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You can't just compare apples to apples."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That's a quote from Jeff Kaplan, the author of the upcoming World of Warcraft: Cataclysm expansion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The issue is, if you think about it, it's hard to compare apples to apples. In the end, we think it's pretty good that you can still find a good game on the web.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you think about it, it's not just about what we think the game is. It's also about what it can be for you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Games like Starcraft II, Hearthstone, and Diablo 3 have always been about player agency and player choice, but they've also always been about the experience of being a player.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're still trying to figure out what that means for a game like Hearthstone. If you have a choice of who you play, what class you play, or what race you play, there's no way you can play the game. But if you have to pick one, you can pick whoever you want, and have fun with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Games like League of Legends have always had a lot of choices for players, but with the advent of the internet, it has made it easier than ever to make those choices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's fair to say that games like Diablo 3 and Starcraft II were really the first game we ever tried to make, but I think that's a mistake. The first game we ever made was a shooter game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard was pretty straight forward. We had a single, big cinematic, then we had a lot of cinematic choice and you just had to figure out where to go and what to do. The game was pretty simple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's fair to say that it's a game that's not very accessible to a lot of people. It's not necessarily a game where you go to a place, and say, "Oh, let's go find a sword." It's not a game where you just sit down and say, "Well, I'm going to do this."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The one game we ever really wanted to make was a shooter game, but we didn't have a good way to do it. We decided we needed to make the game with a lot of different kinds of gameplay. And that meant that it had to be something you could play with friends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We always had to make the game for the best possible hardware.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it also meant that we had to make it fun. We had to make it accessible. We had to make it accessible to a wider audience. We had to make it accessible to a wider range of people. And it had to be fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have made games before, and they've been pretty good. We've made games that have been pretty successful. We've made games that have been really bad. But we don't do that because we think it's fun. We do that because we think it's fun for the most part.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I think we have to give the game a chance to be fun. We don't want it to be a shooter. I think it's too easy to have a game where you just shoot everything and shoot everything. I think the game has to be accessible and fun for everybody.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the game has to be fun for the people who play it. It has to be fun for the people who buy it. It has to be fun for the people who play it. But I think the most important thing is that it has to be fun for the players who play it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the biggest mistake we've ever made in the past is that we think that the game has to be fun for everybody. I think that's a mistake. I think that's a mistake we've made a lot of times in the past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the next game we make that's more accessible is World of Warcraft. I think that's going to be a huge hit. I think that's going to be a huge hit. I think it's going to be a big hit. I think it's going to be a big hit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the thing that's going to make the game fun for everybody is that we make it fun for the people who play it. If you don't like the game, then I guess it's OK to just not play it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I think the game has to be fun for the people who play it. I think that's the biggest mistake we've ever made.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I have to admit that the game has some great moments where I think it can be really good fun. I think it's fun when it's not fun. I think it's fun when it's not fun. I think it's fun when it's fun. I think it's fun when it's fun. I think it's fun when it's fun. I think it's fun when it's fun. I think it's fun when it's fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it's}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We're looking at a lot of different things to see what we can do with the new Raid Finder system and the Dungeon Finder," he said. "We are also considering allowing players to create their own dungeons."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We want to make sure that the new Raid Finder doesn't take away from the fun of the old Raid Finder," he added. "We'll also be making sure that we keep in mind that we have to make sure the system is as fun and as accessible as possible. There are a lot of benefits to having access to the new Raid Finder, but we also have to take that into account. It's a huge change for some players, but we think it's a necessary one."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new raid format will be available for both PC and Mac versions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We want to make sure that you get a great experience in the new raid system," he said. "It's not going to be a sandbox. We're not going to be making sure that you can do anything you want. The goal is that you're not in the same place as players that did the old raids. We want to make sure that you're able to do your raiding, PvPing, or leveling, as well as getting gear for the new raid system. The goal is to make sure that there are no barriers to entry."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In addition, the new raid system will be available to players who have a subscription to World of Warcraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Achievements}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A number of new achievements have been added to the game. These achievements will give you the opportunity to take on the roles of a priest, a warlock, a warrior, or a druid and do some heroic raids.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The newly-implemented Rotface ability, which has been on the PTR for a few weeks now, is finally here. This is a low-level dungeon, and the bosses are randomly generated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The latest build of the patch is more or less complete, with a few bug fixes and the first dungeon now properly shows the "3-boss" icon when you are defeated. We'll probably have to wait a few more weeks to see if the next build will fix the issues with Rotface. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The general public, including those in the media, have a very limited understanding of the battle between the Horde and the Alliance. But there is a story that tells us that the war between the Alliance and the Horde has been going on for years, and that the war has been raging for years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story of the Alliance and the Horde has been a war between two great empires, with the two great powers in the middle. As you might imagine, this conflict is deeply rooted in the history of the two nations, and the conflict is only beginning to heat up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story of the Horde and the Alliance began with the creation of the Horde and the Alliance. The story of the Alliance and the Horde began with the rise of the three great empires in the New World of Warcraft. As you might expect, the war between the Alliance and the Horde has been raging for years, and the war has only recently begun to heat up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The casting of the new spell is done in the game, and it is NOT scripted. The animation is done by the game itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spells that have been cast during the casting of the new spell are NOT scripted. They are simply a reflection of the character\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s perception of the spell. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spell can be casted from the character\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s own hand, or by a player\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s spellbook, or by a spell effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spell is NOT affected by the player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s own melee attacks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard Entertainment Announces a New Game and a New Digital Reality Experience}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blizzard Entertainment today announced that it will be bringing to life a new and exciting interactive entertainment experience with a new and new digital reality experience for children.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The interactive virtual reality experience will be available in the Blizzard App Store for $29.99 USD for children ages 6 and up. The interactive adventure will offer a wide range of fun, immersive experiences for children that are accessible by simply pointing their mobile device to a Blizzard game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game features:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catch up on your favorite games and the latest news from the games you have recently played}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explore a variety of new game worlds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sprint through the game world with a variety of new vehicle, mount, and weapon models}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Learn more about the history of Blizzard Entertainment through interactive short stories and music}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Learn more about the Blizzard esports universe by participating in an interactive quiz and trivia contest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game offers a variety of new ways to play:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relax with a relaxing virtual reality movie}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explore a new, interactive cartoon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Experience a variety of new game modes and new game features}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take a virtual tour of the game world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new interactive entertainment experience will be available to download for free on the App Store, and will be available for purchase with a pay-per-play subscription.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For more information on the game, visit: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warlock PvP Gear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I said in my post on the subject of warlocks, I am not advocating that warlocks should always do the same thing as everyone else. But, as I've said in the past, I think the warlock's abilities to single-handedly tear through a raid and take down the boss are very, very attractive to the player.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That said, I am not necessarily saying that we can just assume that warlocks are going to be the best tank in the game, or that we have to make warlocks all tank classes, just because we don't want them to be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The issue is that it's not justifiable to make warlocks the best tank.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a misconception that warlocks are the best tank. I know it's a popular opinion, but we have to look at what the evidence is, and not just take it as gospel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm not saying that warlocks are inherently bad tanks, but we just have to be careful that we aren't trying to make warlocks the best tank.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm also not saying that warlocks are inherently bad tanks, but they are very good at engaging the boss. Source }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is an interesting design for the Flame Leviathan  boss. The Flame Leviathan  is a mini-boss, so it's not exactly the most interesting encounter. It looks like the main boss of the encounter is a little too powerful, and I am really not sure I like the design of the Flame Leviathan  at this point.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gnomes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gnomes are a race of gnomes, with an instinctive and almost mystical connection to the earth. They are also the last race on Azeroth, and have been the dominant force on the continent for thousands of years. Their swift, agile movement and incredible strength have made them a formidable foe to those who would seek to undermine their dominance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gnomes are one of the few races who can fly, but still require some level of skill to master their skills. They are also quite dangerous in the wild.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gnomes have also recently shown an interest in exploring the world beyond their land, exploring new lands and cultures, and seeking out new sources of power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gnomes are not the only sentient race in Azeroth. The trolls are the most advanced, and have developed many advanced technology over the years. The gnomes have also been active in the battle against the forces of the Horde and the Alliance, using their strength and cunning to take the fight to the enemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new server has been added to the game, and it looks like it's going to be a good time to make up your minds about World of Warcraft: Legion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now, you should have seen the news that the new Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft card backs were revealed, and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re probably wondering what\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s up with the Pandaren. Blizzard Entertainment\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s new card game will introduce a new race, the Pandaren, to World of Warcraft in early 2018. We\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99ve teamed up with Blizzard to create a new line of cards that will provide an exciting new way to experience Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re excited to introduce the Pandaren, who\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99re a mysterious and mystical race that\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s only slightly more unique than the human races. The Pandaren are also the first to have mastered the art of magic, and their unique magic is reflected in their unique cards. This means that you\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99ll have to be careful when you play a Pandaren card, and be prepared to face some powerful foes, but don\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99t worry\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8221\'94the Pandaren have been battling the forces of the Burning Legion for a very long time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s the deal with the Pandaren?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Pandaren are one of the most mysterious and mystical races in the world. This is because the Pandaren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s magic is so powerful that it can be manifested in many forms, such as the forms of animals and plants. The Pandaren are also capable of transforming into a variety of forms, such as humanoid forms and flying mounts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Pandaren also have a unique way of interacting with the outside world, which is something that is extremely difficult to understand. They are also very skilled at using their unique powers to achieve their goals, which can be very dangerous or even dangerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Pandaren are also the first to have mastered the art of magic, and their unique magic is reflected in their unique cards. The Pandaren have a unique way of interacting with the outside world, which is something that is extremely difficult to understand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Pandaren are also the first to have mastered the art of magic, and their unique magic is reflected in their unique cards. The Pandaren are also one of the few races that are immune to the effects of the Burning Legion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s curse, but this is only a temporary immunity. Pandaren also have a unique way of interacting with the outside world, which can be very dangerous and dangerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Pandaren are also the first to have mastered the art of magic, and their unique magic is reflected in their unique cards. The Pandaren have a unique way of interacting with the outside world, which can be very dangerous and dangerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Hunter Pet Battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Demon Hunter  will be a new pet battle pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Demon Hunter will be a new pet battle pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Demon Hunter will be a new pet battle pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Demon Hunter will be a new pet battle pet.}}