{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Join a duel with players from different realms! You can find the duel option in the interface or by clicking on the 'Play' button. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Once a duel has started, players can either leave the server or pick a random player to duel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The current duel player receives a debuff that will prevent him or her from using abilities for 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A new debuff will prevent the next melee attack from being able to be dodged or parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The current duel player receives a debuff that will prevent a heal from being used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The server will try to reunite players at the start of a duel. If not possible, players will be given a time to try to get back into the server. Once a player is in the server, players will have 10 seconds to rejoin the duel. If they cannot, the server will try to find another player to fight for them. Should a player be in the server and unable to fight, the party leader will get a ring notification indicating that the player is stuck in a duel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If a player is in a duel and tries to leave, the server will look for a player who can give up a duel to a player who can not, and automatically assume that the player is stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The server will try to establish a duel by asking the party, "Who are you fighting?" Players will get a choice of responses: "None," "Myself," "Someone else," and "I'm stuck." Players will get a shout-out if they are "In A Queue." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The server will use the best available information to determine who has the upper hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Upon entering a queue, players will be given the option to enter the duel "Local Leader." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * If Local Leader is selected, players will be given a choice of whether to engage the other player in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After months of work, World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is now available to test your combat abilities. PvP elements will remain unchanged while the core game system is improved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this new test, you'll fight against other players from around the world. We want to make sure that the PvP gameplay you have in mind is for the core game, and not in the expansion. We've been hard at work polishing up the core systems, adding new features, and tuning in all the best PvP moments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay tuned for an expansion full of new battles and adventures!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD BOSSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a new, and very limited, way, you can face off against other players from around the world. You'll be matched up against one another, against a computer simulation of the battle, for a limited period of time. During this period, you'll gain experience and gold based on your performance, both in PvP and PvE. You can then ask to be removed from the simulation, and leave the game. We hope this new and exciting direction for the game takes us by surprise. Stay tuned for an expansion full of new battles and adventures!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW CHARACTER MODELS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The models for the races from the original game (white, paladin, etc.), along with a few others, have been changed to be more in keeping with the expansion's theme. The main change here is that the skins have been changed. Instead of having standard class skins, which were very limited in their ability to be fun, players now have the opportunity to choose from a larger selection of class skins. Additionally, we've buffed and clarified a few core concepts. Overall, this brings the amount of customization available to the game up to a level that the expansion felt like a premium product.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of the above applies to the regular Forsaken, Druids, and Balance druids. You'll retain your existing 15% spell power (which we did not intend), and the new flavor will be available to Experiment (as intended) with.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the meantime, we wanted to make sure players understood the reasoning for the change to class-specific skins. After all, these skins have been chosen primarily for their aesthetic appeal. Furthermore, we've seen players complain about the difficulty of gaining Trueheart in Season 3 (before the Patch 7.1 changes), so we decided to take matters into our own hands and make changes to the game for the expansion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyreheart is a new system that will give players who opt for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY - BATTLE ARMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New, easy to use Battle Arms interface}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player sla}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New option to display friendly AI avatars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI roll request history}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI history overlay}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI icons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI sla}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI sla}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AI history overlay}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Displays friendly AIs sla}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shows experience earned for each battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shows experience and gold earned for each battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Individually message each victory for each side}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Individually message the most recently won battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Individually message the experience and gold earned for a specific battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Individually message the least recently won battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 REWARDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weapon enchantment: transmogrification rules have been relaxed and can be applied to all weapons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arena Grand Master}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Grand Master weapon enchants are now available through the in-game Shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GUILDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 3 or above may form a raid group}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 2 or below may form a raid group}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 1 to 3 may form a raid group}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 1 to 3 may form a raid group}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 2 or below may form a raid group}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For the third consecutive year, the Arathi Basin and Arathi Sea expansions are coming together spectacularly. Check out this exciting new zone:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The expansion will feature exciting new encounters, such as:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arathi Basin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arathi Sea}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP trinkets will now appear on items by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to mail account-bound items to another character of the same realm, account and character name, account and item level, and alt-tab to the mail recipient.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW CONTENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW KARAZHAN MYTHIC DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the moment of its mysterious creation, the purpose of this dark tower has been intertwined with the history of the Guardians of Tirisfal, once Azeroth's greatest bulwark against the Legion. It is now best known as the home of Medivh, who tragically betrayed Azer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Ways to Win}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Challenge your friends to a duel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Compete against the clock to win the most exciting prizes, including mounts and powerful weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Challenge your luckier friends to a duel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Compete against the moon and stars to see who can get the most loot from the most difficult enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW DUNGEON FINDER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeon Finder now has a look and feel to it that makes it easier to navigate. Players can now click on any dungeon objective to get a quick overview of what the next step should look like.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW DUNGEON HALLOW'S END}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new graveyard has been added to the world. It should only be used by the very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       GENERAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new graveyard has been added to the world. It should only be used by the very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very very, very, very very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An assortment of new items have been added to many items drop in the game. We hope you enjoy the variety of items that's been opened up for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Kirin Torporium] should only be used by very, very, very, very, very rarely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rainbow Six}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A NEW WAY TO PLAY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New playstyles are now available for all classes. You can find them in the Appearance tab of the Character Selection screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    NEW CHARACTER MODE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Character animation easing is now turned on for players. This is an individual setting that can be turned off in the Interface Options menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    NEW DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new zone is now available in Northern Stranglethorn Vale. Known as Booty Bay, this new zone offers a heroic combat zone with a healthy dose of mystery. Adventurers should take note that Booty Bay is not associated with the current expansion content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Stranglethorn Vale has received several significant changes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All characters on a realm have the option to participate in PvP. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Each character has the following abilities: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Attack power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Cast animation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Dodge and Parry}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Weapon damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Healing and self-sustain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The PvP season is now open. Level-90 characters can now participate in PvP from both Winterspring and Burning Steppes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Stranglethorn Vale is now fully PvP-enabled. Attack Power on all Battle Pets has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Winterspring }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Fishing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Mining}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Riding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Flying}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Water}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}