{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALL-NEW CREATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're adding new and exciting creatures to the world, and we're making them better than ever before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take the Stormwind Gorge, for example. You'll no doubt find the gathering cry of the Stormwind clan at heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Stormwind Gorge is an important node in the Warsong Gulch and the flying saucer of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stormwind Venture Company. Players will find this floating in the heart of the sprawl a peaceful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 place where everyone who visits will have a chance of meeting a Stormwind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Venture Company officer or a Winterfall Venture Company officer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Barrens have been expanded to hold more space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Conquest Point in the Black Temple is now owned by the Black Temple}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Council.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The amount of gold in the Black Temple Bank now has been decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dalaran High Priests have decided to close down the Orgrimmar and Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and return to Orgrimmar and their forces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WAR CAMPAIGN: IRON DIMENSION INCURSION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iron Druidic Order is dispatched to subdue the Burning Legion in its new home of Ironforge. The Iron Druidic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Order's newest member, Ironfoe: Ironbeard, has just returned from a two-week}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winter break and is determined to prove that he deserves honorable treatment from his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fellow members.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DAILY PVP QUEST LOG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The quest log for the weekly Raid Finder quest " [ Ironfoe: Ironscanion " has been redesigned and has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replaced with new quests. These quests have been added to provide a more balanced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 deeper challenge level for players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DAILY CLASS PATCH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new Class PATCH system allows players to add new class specializations to existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systems. The new system allows you to choose a new specialization at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 option of your character sheet. The option to add a specialization at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 option of your character sheet also allows players to switch between existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systems where you choose to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST RESOLVE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Delve deeper into the mysteries of the Ironfoe, and you'll unlock new quests, new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 items, and new class-specific quests. Unlock new class-specific class-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quests and other Class Resolvers by visiting the Dungeon Finder in your faction's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orgrimmar or Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DRUID}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       class abilities. For Druids, pruning focused on removing redundant niche}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       abilities, removing niche abilities that didn't make sense or needed a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       new or better or better use ability, and removing niche abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that prevented some creatures in Dire Bear Form from appearing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed a bug that caused a number of weapon animations in Cat and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Bear Form to appear larger than they actually were.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Swipe] now requires the Druid to be in an Arena, but still}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              does not stack with other abilities that require that ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               to have it counted as a base ability. In addition, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Swipe now does damage based on the number of players in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters that have earned the Elite Mount achievement can now access the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          world of Elite Mount using a new system. This new system allows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          players to obtain mounts from outside the game world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players entering the game with an account with an Elite Mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          achievement will have access to a weekly quest line to accept daily}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Items that increase the duration of the Biscuit no longer drop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To be clear, there is no real magic to the Warlock's spells. In fact, most spells that used to benefit you from the spellbook have been turned off by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This means that spells that you cast while you are outside of the caster's area of effect will no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effect you unless you are in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Voidwalker's Call }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The combat log will now properly list the damage percent of [Felguard] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       and [Felguard 2].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Warlock's Call is a new spell available in all major dungeons. While not on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            level-90 talent row, the Voidwalker's Call talent row is still present in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            the level-90 Talent row. This new talent replaces the Voidwalker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Call talent, and summons a Voidwalker to join your party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The Warlock's Call talent row has been removed and will now only be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            available to the Warlocks. The Warlock's Call talent is now available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Warlock talent rows, and will create a Soulstone on the target to assist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            in transforming a target's soul into a Soul Shard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bane of Immolation]: Consuming a Netherstorm-damaging Gag Law will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    permanently immobilize the target for 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         A new feature for creating epic dungeon maps is now available! You can create epic dungeon maps using any}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              existing World of Warcraft World Map. This new feature also enables}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             players to create epic dungeon maps using existing World}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              maps in the same manner as they can create normal World}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              maps with the same tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Dungeons created using this new feature will now provide a detailed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             description of what each of the dungeons are comprised of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: PRISON OF THRONES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOWCAVE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: DWARFBEARD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: PVP DAILY GALOCKS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: BAGS OF THE DAILY GALOCK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: BLOODBEARDER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: EYE OF THE DARK KNIGHT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE BLACK TEMPLE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE COLLECTIVE HEIR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE DRUID'S LAIR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE IRON MAN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE SCALP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: THE TIMEWALKER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new chapter of Warlords of Draenor is now available. This time, the players in a given raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           will have access to the benefits of all-new PvP bylaws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The new bylaws allow for: (a) any Warlords Artifact to be dispelled as a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instant-cast spell (without consuming the Power Word: Shield effect), (b) [Enslave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   NEW RAID: THE KARAZHAN CREATURES!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karanazhan, the last bastion of Azeroth's might, has fallen. It is now time for a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 flotilla of adventurers to help reclaim the ancient artifacts once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your heroes will aid the Karanazhan elite in their quest to retrieve the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karanazhan Artifact, the final hammer of Naz'jar's rule. Prepare to embark on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systematic questline to find out more about the artifact's origin, how you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can become a part of the story, and much more!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HEIRLOOM REFINEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The armor and weapons in Karazhan's great halls have undergone a major overhaul. The armor and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 weapons have been streamlined, and the new armor and weapons have been redesigned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to meet the needs of the new Karazhan world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirmishes, holidays, and other special events involving the Legion in your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LegionFleet.com/LegionRift account will no longer be a part of these}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW: CLASSES: THE NEW DARK KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legion has awakened in Azeroth and the Dark Gods have taken great pleasure in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replicating their power. Some Dark Lords have taken exception to the newly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 commissioned Dark Legion and are now preparing to take the next step by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reining in the Dark Knight's legacy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new faction-specific Dark Knight faction tabard, a new faction color, and a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 unique class icon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HEROES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Knight is back! You have met your untimely end as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a Dark Knight with a mission to bring balance to the chaotic world of Karazhan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the most problematic aspects of the new PVP rules is the way in which these rules are being applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many players were unsure of the effect the changes to the PVP rules had on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules such as the Drunkenness, Drunkenness, and Dampenness rules. We did a comprehensive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 search of the PVP rules, and came up with four new rules that should be a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 comprehensive set of changes to the older Drunkenness, Dampenness, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dancing and Jogging rules. These rules are being applied to all types of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intoxication. Several of the older Drunkenness, Dampenness, and Dance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules have been re-evaluated, and many others have been adjusted. All of these}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules will no longer be applied to [Vitality], [Pleasance], or [Frost Dance] Rogues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DEATH KNIGHTS!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     The Death Knight Tier-9 Holy/Force Aura is now available at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights now have 2 charges \endash  3 Holy/Force}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow Warding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Subtlety: Increased Armor, Damage, and Cooldown Duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Added a small cooldown to the ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Damage, Range, and Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Speed, Mana Cost, and Mana Recovery reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Quality of life }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the past, we've seen players try to apply the same logic and limitations of the old method of leveling as much as possible, while preserving their happiness and enjoyment outside of Arenas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This philosophy has proven to be extremely frustrating for many players, as well as for us. We decided to significantly reduce the amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one-time quests that we perform in order to allow Forgemaster Rainseeker to remain on his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quality-controlled account.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FLYING ON TIRANDA ISLAND:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Horde and Alliance are once again fighting over Tiran's treasures. Are they truly on the front lines of the War onandandandfor their help?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or are they just fooling themselves...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon arriving at the Shrine of Kotmogu in Tanaris, you'll find that the Shrine is actually a pirate's hideout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon logging in, you'll find that the Shrine is actually a pirate's hideout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD QUESTS: THE ARENA IN RAIDERS TRIAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mount Hyjal and the Iron Lords of Azeroth are having a hard time getting the Iron Lords to join them in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Nexus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players would sometimes have a hard time accepting the achievement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    " [Triumph of the Crusader]" given the guild credit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UI}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The interface options dialog has been split into an Options pane and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pane with options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mouse cursor now moves up when you move your hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHADOWCRAFTING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new recipes to improve the look of your armor sets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new mount to your alchemy lab that gives your skin the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    look of a mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now obtain recipes from various types of creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn enchanting from creatures that drop enchant materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn herbalism from creatures that drop herbs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop engineering recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now make transmogrification materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn mining from creatures that drop minerals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn enchanting from creatures that drop enchanting recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FLIGHT PATHS }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now learn how to use the dressing room key in the Escape Mode window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between Durnholde and Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between The Crossroads in Blackrock Depths and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Icecrown Citadel in The Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Stranglethorn and Ironforge has been modified to allow use of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between Nijel in Dalaran and Astranaar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now move closer to a character's character name in the interface window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now dismiss the game while in flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Magistrate Quackenbush in Blackrock Spire and Astranaar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    in Stranglethorn Vale has been modified to allow use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now teleport to a location that you can then exit the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Astranaar and the Blackrock Depths has been modified to allow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of flight paths have been modified to allow use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now use the dressing room key to interact with the auction window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now trade in the dressing room key for the dressing room key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now move up to two character names in the interface window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unplugging headphones/headphones while in flight will no longer disconnect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Flight Log window will no longer show flight paths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players with an invalid mail server could not access the auction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players who had set their mail server to Sendmail (Hellfire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Mail, Dragon Soul, etc.) could not access the system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players in GECK.NET could not create a mail server in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Visual Studio 2007 User Interface (Vista or Windows XP).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Profession: Alchemy has been added. Profession:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Minty Almond] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Minty Red Almond] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                stat for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Mercurial] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Mercurial] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mudslide] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lil' Gordok and his minions have landed on Azeroth and are now ready to take the fight to the heart of the city of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horde and neutralize the Gordok faction. Heroes of the Horde and Alliance are led to your side by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent of Ashenzari.          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS: THE REAL MECHANAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * All stats have been adjusted: Mana, Stamina, Strength, and Dexterity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All abilities heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All mana based spells have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All ranged damage has been converted to weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All melee attacks have been converted to weapon (with the exception of the druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            ability, Balance of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Nature, which can now be re-used).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All pet abilities have been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All pets no longer have mana and have no health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * All pets no longer have a health bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Healing from abilities and buffs now heals a specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target, rather than a group of targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Unshackled Fury] now causes Warrior Arms no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              longer gain an application penalty from using}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Heroic Strikes. In a pet stance, Shield Bash now generates 30 Rage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for the player instead of 1 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Shield Wall]'s mana cost has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CAVERNS OF TIME: THE TORT OF MYTHIC IRON FURNURE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will traverse three new chapters in the critically-acclaimed Caverns of Time: Wrathion's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reins, the Blackwing Crusade's invasion of Azeroth, and the conclusion of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legends of Time: Wrathion Epic Quest line. Players will also be able to access the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 raptor-crafted levels of Caverns of Time: Wrathion and Caverns of Time: Wrathion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sequel through a series of quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Raid Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the damage caused by your damage-over-time abilities by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      targeting your target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the amount of healing you receive from your spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      by targeting your target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see the amount of damage your spells cause by targeting your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now see how much of your damage absorption is absorbed by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      target.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  All }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The maximum amount of gold that will be returned per [Borrowing Warship]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Maximum amount of gold will be returned will be returned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             for Battle Crystals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Wandering Whelp] will return the full amount of gold, but with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              chance to return less gold than normal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GUARDIAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new level of 10 guardian, the [Felsworn Interceptor], is available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to players. Completing the Felsworn Interceptor to unlock [Frostwolf}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Climax] for Druids now awards [Stones of the Fiery Sands].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * The cost for [Frostwolf Climax] has been reduced to 4 (down from 5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cost for [Hammer of Justice] has been reduced to 9 (down from 10).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cost for [Frostwolf Leap] is now 33 Rage (down from 50).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  NEW FEATURE: CURRENCY SYSTEM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The currency that players use to purchase items from each class (Hunter, Monk, Paladin, Priest, Rogue, Shaman,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MOLTEN FARM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players who have unlocked the Molten FARM in the Thorium Brotherhood quest "The Molten FARM" now have access to a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    "Apex Predator" mount!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MOLTEN FRONTIER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that you've unlocked the "Fool for Love" achievement, it's time to lay your plans to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 infiltrate the Molten Fronter, obtain the Molten Core, and uncover the source}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the Sunwell's power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The legendary gear you can find in Pandaria is now on sale!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Get your very own [Gloves of the Wild] by visiting your faction's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        official Pandaren Auction House.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Loot from the rarest Pandaren can now be found in the [Pandaren}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Pendant of the Violet Eye], a new item that allows you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       transmogrify any item into a [Gloves of the Wild].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Sandalar of the Dawn], used by the Pandaren Air Nomads,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       is now a legendary item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Darksteel Bangle] and [Darksteel Spaulders] have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Goblin Sapper Charge], used by the Kor'kron in the Kor'kron vs. Kor'kron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       War, has been converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Duskblade Strike], used by the Kor'kron in the Kor'kron vs. Kor'kron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       War, has been converted to a Heart of Azeroth item.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warlock, Warrior, and Warrior-only) has been completely redesigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system is now a global shared currency between all players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system is now available to players on all realms, with a minimum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    player cap of 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There is now a new currency system that will work for items in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will be able to exchange their currency for real money at a bank in the game world,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provided that the currency you're exchanging for is a good quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The currency system does not currently support the Dampening system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will be able to exchange their currency for real money at a bank in the game world, provided that the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    currency you're exchanging for is a good quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players who have already purchased a Cenarion Circle item will be able to find that item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    in their inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items will be available as a currency in the game world at the start of a transaction for a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    short time. This means that if you buy an item that costs 100 gold you can sell it for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that same 100 gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items will be available to be sold to other players at a low market price.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rotemap:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Rotemap system has been revamped with new gameplay elements, and is now available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to play with your friends. Mastery, health and mana bars will no longer disappear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 when you enter a Rotemap. You'll now be able to control your rotation by right}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fingering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW BRAWLER PUG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Brawling Man is back, and it's time for you to fight your way across the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Broken Shore. Take on opponents from across the Broken Shore, and get ready to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take on the Brawling Man himself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW BRAWLER'S GUILD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new Brawl'n'Grill has opened up the doors to the new Brawl'n'Goblin camp in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Westfall Mountains. This new location provides a safe haven for the most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 opportunistic brawlers and allows for the introduction of a new type of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 brawl: the "Battle of Gragal's Pass."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raise the flag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entirety of the Vale of Eternal Blossoms will now be available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players with Honorable Kills, as this change will allow for the much needed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 increased role-playing depth for level 80-90 characters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you happen to encounter a player that you can defeat, please speak to them and try to get them to drop the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new passive ability has been added for the Feral: [Master's Call].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Feral will never stand in the way of his or her master's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Master's Call causes the Feral to become incredibly calm and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           composed, granting the Feral the ability to concentrate on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           task at hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}