{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 IGHT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new level 100 class quest has been added for the Alliance version of the Unholy War quest series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [70] Saltscale Invasion] now allows players to receive a second invitation to the Unholy War quest line each time the raid occurs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [90] Need from the quest [70] Unholy Power] now only requires a single saltscale to be caught, and does not count toward the maximum number of invitations to the Unholy War quest line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [90] The Tower of Althaleth] now has a maximum of four (four) players able to reach it at one time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [80] The Wessex Caravan now only takes one (1) party member per wagon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    DRUID}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new [Travel Form] ability has been added for druids in Cat Form, [Shooting Stars] Form, and [Savage Speed] Form. Travel forms can be learned by opening the talent, Transmogrifier, or by quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Starfall] will now fall back to the caster if a druid is moved into an inaccessible area, and will no longer force the caster to face the affected character.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids now innately have a 50% chance to Dodge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tiger's Fury] now lasts 15 seconds (was 9 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Intimidating Roar] now has a 10% (was 5%) chance to root in combat, and is now affected by [Mastery: Terrifying Roar].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shooting Stars] now has a 25% chance to instant cast (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzied Regeneration] no longer triggers from damage done by autoattacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Entangling Roots] now replaces [Growl], deals 100% more damage, and no longer costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent: [Starfire]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frenzied Regeneration] has a 4% (was 8%) chance to root in combat, and no longer costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starfire] now deals 460% weapon damage (was 375%) in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Entangling Roots] now replaces [Growl], deals 100% more damage, and no longer costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shooting Stars] now has a 25% (was 50%) chance to root in combat, and is now affected by [Mastery: Terrifying Roar].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent: [Chimaera Shot]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Chimaera Shot] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for [Mangle] and [Garrote].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzied Regeneration] now refunds a maximum of 20% of the amount healed, instead of a percentage of the total amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mastery: Terrifying Roar] now increases the damage done by [Mangle] by 6% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shooting Stars] now lasts 12 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Starfire] now deals 460% weapon damage (was 375%) in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzied Regeneration] now refunds a maximum of 20% of the amount healed, instead of a percentage of the total amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    HUNTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters now innately have a 50% (was 100%) chance to avoid disarming traps, and a 10% (was 50%) chance to not be hit by a disarm effect when using a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters now have [Auto Shot] and [Auto Shot] at their disposal at all times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Deterrence] ability granted to pets now works against all types of attacks, not just melee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets now generate a 2% (was 3%) dodge per tick, and their health has been reduced by that amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Auto Shot] now deals 160% weapon damage (was 110%) and costs Focus (was 50% mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Distract] is a new passive ability available to all Hunters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Distract now prevents the Hunter from becoming disarmed for 4 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Spartan Shroud] piece now requires at least 5 [Dense Stones] in order to become [Spartan Shroud], instead of 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Glimmering Mithril Insignia] piece now requires at least 5 [Dense Stones] in order to become [Glimmering Mithril Insignia], instead of 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Alcor Wardens Badge] now has a reputation cost associated with it, similar to the [Mark of the Wildheart].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Alcor Wardens' Waterlogged Badge] now has a reputation cost associated with it, similar to the [Mark of the Wildheart].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Scepter of the Shifting Sands] now has a reputation cost associated with it, similar to the [Mark of the Wildheart].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Scepter of the Wild] now has a reputation cost associated with it, similar to the Mark of the Wildheart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sigil of Virulence] now has a duration of 7 sec, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Hazza'rah's Charm of Nature] now has a duration of 10 sec, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Igneous Flameling Medallion] and [Igneous Flameling Insignia] pieces now have a duration of 15 sec, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gloomblade] has had its fire damage decreased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sigil of Virulence] has been slightly increased in damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gloomblade] has had its movement slow effect decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Nexus Transformation Gauntlets] now have a socket bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow resistance of the [Devilsaur Scale Chest] has been slightly increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Unholy Mutation] now has a duration of 3 sec, up from 2.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The damage done by most Warrior special abilities has been increased by 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Intervene] (Arms, Fury) now has a 6 second duration, cost 80 Rage, and has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Overpower] (Arms) now has a 6 second duration, cost 40 Rage, and has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sword Specialization] (Arms) now has a 6 second duration, cost 60 Rage, and has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer] (Protection) now also increases the duration of [Mortal Strike] by 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Overpower] (Arms) now has a 6 second duration, cost 60 Rage, and has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sweeping Strikes] (Arms) damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Titanic Might] (Arms) now reduces the cost of [Mortal Strike] by 10 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Toughness] (Arms) now also reduces the duration of movement slowing effects of the target by 10/20/30/40/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vigilance] (Arms) now reduces damage taken below 30% health by 20% instead of increasing the chance to hit with [Mortal Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Reflexes] (Arms) now also grants 10% Haste to your next Strike of the day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Toughness] (Fury) now also reduces the duration of movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wrecking Ball] now slows the target by 10% in addition to its other effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Berserker Rage] now increases all damage taken by 5% and has a 5 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Craze] (Fury) has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wrecking Ball] has been moved to level 50.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mortal Strike] now hits at a 3 second, 1 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Overpower] costs 10 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Slam] now hits at a 4 second, 3 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Craze] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Slam]'s cooldown has been increased to 25 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Furious Attacks]'s cooldown has been increased to 25 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Impending Victory] now reduces the cooldown of [Battle Shout] by 6 seconds, and its Reagent cost has been reduced to 10 Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reckless Assault] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Flurry now increases the critical strike chance of [Overpower] by 30%, and [Cleave] by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Overpower] now deals 235% weapon damage, up from 220%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mortal Strike]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new item can be crafted by disenchanting two [Potion of the Old War] into an [Elixir of Greater Firepower]. This new elixir can increase the power of the [Flask of Firepower] by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This trinket can also be used to remove the effects of the [Grimoire of Sacrifice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Shard of Azzinoth] can be used to create an [Azzinothi Reins].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The cooldown of the [Grimoire of The Broken Isles] is now reduced by 2 minutes, but the material cost has been increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Discerning Eye of Anagnos] reagent now requires [Shadow Orbs], which can be obtained by completing the quest [62] Find Cairne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor] has been changed to read more appropriately: [Glyph of Untamed Courage].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gnomish Universal Remote] can now be used to turn in all cast reports for the quest [62] Secure a Ship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Command] now corresponds to the specialization set for the quest [62] Uncovering the Past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of the Blackwhelp] now corresponds to the specialization set for the quest [62] The Secret Ingredient Is...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Seal of the Martyr] now corresponds to the specialization set for the quest [62] Martinus the Martyr.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where multiple Azzinothi were spawned at once in the Barrens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were sometimes more powerful than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were sometimes stronger than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were much weaker then or now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were easy to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were immune to bleed effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Azzinothi were only visible to the player that cast the spell that spawned them, and thus could not be damaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the spell [Polymorph] was missing several Azzinothi abilities, including the [Undead's Call] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a bug where the [Gnomish Lightning Gun] was missing several Azzinoth abilities, including the Undead's Call ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the spell [Blind] was missing several Azzinoth abilities, including the Undead's Call ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest "Rotten Eggs" should now always give the correct amount of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where quest items were remaining in a player's inventory even after abandoning the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where quest items were being used up by a previous incarnation of the party, when abandoning the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where non-combat pets were not attacking when their master died.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where taking the quest "Dead Man's Hand" meant you got to stand up before the zombie attacked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a bug was causing [Dust of Disappearance] to affect certain classes that had legendary attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a dead character would be stuck behind a rock or debris when trying to use a double-jump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a character with a pet would be stuck in a temporary invulnerability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where characters with a class summon were losing the pet when abandoning the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where players were being forced to play a level 90 druid or shaman to gain the benefits of a high level item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where multiple Azzinothi could be spawned at once in the Barrens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where multiple Azzinothi were spawned at once in the Deadmines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a destroyed Anagnos would only make a single melee attack instead of two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the Devout and Prophecy items were improperly consuming a Shard of Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where cyclones were getting one extra tick of damage before fading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a missed attack was not registered as a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Early Warning Systems]: This talent now reduces the chance for early game attacks to be parried by 3/6/9%. Attack power per rank has been increased from 1.5% to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Disarm]: This talent now also reduces the cooldown of Disarm by 2/4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mark of the Wild]: This talent now also increases the damage bonus from Mark of the Wild by 10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Pounce]: This ability can no longer be blocked, dodged, or parried, and cannot be used while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Disarm]: This talent now also reduces the cooldown of Disarm by 2/4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Disperse]: This talent now also reduces the cooldown of Disperse by 1/2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mark of the Wild]: This ability can no longer be blocked, dodged, or parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Improved Early Warning Systems]: This talent now also reduces the chance for early game attacks to be parried by 3/6/9%. Attack power per rank has been increased from 1.5% to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Nature's Swiftness]: This talent now also reduces the chance for early game attacks to be parried by 3/6/9%. Attack power per rank has been increased from 1.5% to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Multi-Shot]: This ability can no longer be dodged or parried, and cannot be used while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Volley]: This spell can no longer be cast while on a moving transport or mounted user.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Beast Mastery: This talent now also reduces the cooldown of [Dire Beast] by 3/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now deals 100% of weapon damage, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Master's Call]: This ability can no longer be dodged or parried, and cannot be used while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Trueshot Aura]: This ability now has a 10 second cooldown, and a duration of 8 seconds in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Volley]: This spell can no longer be dodged or parried, and cannot be used while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arcane }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Arcane Missiles]: Casting this spell now causes a 6 second stun, similar to Smite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Blizzard]: This spell can no longer be dodged or parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Conjure Water Water]: This spell can no longer be dodged or parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Dalaran Haste]: This talent now also increases Dalaran's global cooldown on time to 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Flamestrike]: This ability now deals 180% weapon damage, up from 145%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Frost Nova]: This spell now deals 18% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Invisibility]: This talent now also prevents the caster from being seen by enemy NPCs for 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Mage Armor]: This ability now provides additional benefit per piece of the set bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Molten Armor]: This talent now also prevents the caster from being seen by enemy NPCs for 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Teleport]: This spell can no longer be cast while on a moving transport.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Devouring Plague] now deals 4 times the normal damage for its duration, instead of 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Festering Sores] now deals 12% of the target's maximum health in damage, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrotic Strike]'s periodic healing effect can no longer trigger additional effects for the target, and its activation remains unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Resistance Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Searing Pain]'s periodic damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul Cleave] now hits all nearby targets, including the initial target, for 10% of the damage it inflicts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soulsentry] now occresses targets in the area-of-effect, knocking them up to 40 yards away and preventing them from falling for 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starshards] now hits all nearby targets, including the initial target, for 10% of the damage it inflicts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] now increases the user's armor by 25%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Pact] now has a 1.5-second cast time, existed but was never used, and has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Blood] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade]'s movement speed bonus has been increased to 2% per stack, up from 1.5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade] has been redesigned. It now deals 25% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade]'s movement speed bonus now stacks up to 4 times, but the demon's attack power contribution remains unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade]'s attack power contribution is doubled, but the demon's damage contribution is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade]'s attack power contribution is tripled, but the demon's damage contribution is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nether Protection] has been redesigned. It now grants 10/20% movement speed to the warlock while in the Buried Terrors of Ahn'Qiraj area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Bite] has been redesigned. It now deals 280% weapon damage, up from 220%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul Leech] now has a 2-second cast time, exists only on the spec, and provides an 80% increase in healing while in the form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Soul] now has a maximum of 5 stacks, increases the damage of [Drain Soul] by 40%, and no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Harvest Life] no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hand of Gul'dan] now deals 450% of damage, up from 350%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Affinity] now increases the damage of all spells by 25%, up from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul Harvest] now occurs every 15 seconds, up from every 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Life] now costs 9% of base mana, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chains of Ice] now increases the damage of [Drain Life] by 90%, up from 65%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Harvest Life] no longer costs mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul Flame] is no longer a channeled spell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Chains of Ice] has been replaced. The glyph now increases the healing done by the Harvester's [Drain Life] spell by 20% for each of the Harvester's damage-over-time effects on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Life]'s healing has been increased by 100%, and its mana cost has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flame Shock]'s duration has been increased to 8 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] now deals 130% weapon damage, up from 115%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Killing Machine] now procs on all attacks, instead of a chance on any attack. This means that the effect doesn't end if the target is killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike]'s duration has been increased to 8 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overpower] now costs 15 Runic Power per second, up from 10 Runic Power per second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Bite]'s damage has been increased by 100% and its healing has been increased by 135%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soul of the Forest] generates 4 Runic Power every second from [Frostbite] and [ash] instead of 3 Runic Power and 3 Snare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Toughness] now reduces the duration of movement slowing effects by 70%, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unbreakable Will]'s effect can now stack up to 3 times, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] now deals 280% of weapon damage, up from 210%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vindication] now increases damage and healing done by [Mark of the Wild] by 25%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Growth] should now be behaving correctly as a periodic heal, healing, and mana saver. It will no longer heal for incorrectly listed health values.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Major Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Enduring Infection] now reduces the amount of damage dealt by [Enduring Infection] by 10% instead of making it permanent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Mending] now causes Mending to heal the target for 5% of their maximum health instead of instantly heal the target for 15% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Mending] now requires a [Blessing of Sanctuary] to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Major Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Mending]: Now heals for 10% of the target's maximum health instead of instantly heal for 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Penance]: Threat generated by [Penance] has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Sacrifice]: Redesigned. This glyph now causes the target to take an increased 20% threat of Penance damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Sanctuary]: Redesigned. This glyph now allows the Priest to use a Staff or Holy Symbol for 10 seconds after [Shooting] or [Lightning Strike] has been used on a target, in addition to the current permitting 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Bug Fix }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed an issue where [Dispersion] was incorrectly increasing the area damage of [Holy Shock] by more than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For rogues, we focused thinning out the niche we were filling. We made a few specialty abilities such as [Ambush], [Cheat Death], and [Death from Above] restricted to their high-volume damage-spewing roles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Assassin's Resolve] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blindside]'s effects have been split into two categories: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sealed Fate] replaces Poison Touch for rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Shock] now deals 5% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Barbed Shot's bleed damage has been increased by 8%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Barbed Shot's bleed damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carve] now reduces the cooldown of [Deterrence] by 2/4 seconds (was 1/2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flanking Strike] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [T.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.S.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.W.A.R.D.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.E.L.F.I.E.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * E.L.F.I.E. has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Frenzied Regeneration] ability has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Trap] no longer has a limit to its duration; its effect lasts 10 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master's Call] no longer has a limit to its damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rabid] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [War Stomp] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [S.E.L.F.I.E.] now has a radius of 10 yards (was 20 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mongoose Bite] now deals 12% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Survival Instincts] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [T.N.T.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.W.A.R.D.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.E.L.F.I.E.] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [.N.W.I.N.] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [A Murder of Crows] no longer has a target limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Radiant Guidance] now has a cast time of 1.5 seconds (was 1.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Insect Swarm] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dragonsfire Grenade] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now deals 150% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sigil of Necromancy] now deals 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sigil of the Dead] now deals 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Presence] now lasts 10 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bursting Sores] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Wards] now lasts 4 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Demonic Wards now lasts 8 seconds (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blind] is no longer channeled, and is usable while stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Wards] now lasts 8 seconds (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wand Specialization] now hits all nearby enemies, including the original target, for 40% of the damage it deals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chaos Bolt]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Illumination] now has a channel time of 1.5 seconds (was 1.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Tide Totem] has been redesigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Loatheth's Bulwark] now increases all damage by the Monk's party or raid by 15% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Paragon of Lights] now costs 30% of base}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unyielding Faith] only works from caster weapons, and now scales with strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Tendrils] can now be used in place of [Starfall].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] is now usable on party members once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hand of Purity] now reduces all damage taken by 25%, instead of reducing just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Light] now damages for 450% of spell power (was 425%), and now heals for 275% of spell power (was 180%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Raise Dead will now despawn on 6.0.2 instances (was 5.1.2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowfiend] now has a 30-second respawn (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Fragments] are now considered a Soul Fragment for the purposes of being sent to a graveyard to be replaced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All spells and spell macros now use priority system to priority order received.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added priority system to macro system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can use "Auto-Spell-Check" feature by pressing both the macro tab and the spell checking button simultaneously. Now both buttons can be pressed simultaneously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added "Enable All Stacks" option, which automatically adjusts all your spell critical strike chance, melee critical strike chance, and total critical strike chance to the appropriate value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Macros and key bindings are now saved server-side so there is no longer a need to reconfigure them when logging in using another computer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spell Haste: Spell Haste now has a checkbox that can be checked when the spell buff is about to expire. This will prevent the haste % from being prematurely triggered when casting a spell that already has a duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Auto-save feature has been added to the game and is now available in all skillful specializations. This feature will automatically save the specialization percentage of your profession/trinket when you log in each day. You can still select the checkbox to check out the current specialization when you want to change your mind and/or replace a lost specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now re-specialize in a profession by visiting an NPC in the city or logging out with the NPC in your party. You can do this from within the profession UI or by clicking on the profession icon on the world map. Once you have done this you can still re-specialize in the same way you normally would have, by clicking on the re-specialize button on the trade window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Re-specialization: A feature that allows you to change the look of your secondary profession/trinket by visiting an NPC has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now assign skill points to multiple recipes. This feature can be accessed via the profession UI by clicking on the "Skill Points" button next to the "Recipe" or "Selected Recipes" button, or by clicking on the "Skill Points" button in the upper right corner of the portrait. Multiple profession/trinkets can be assigned skill points on the same recipe, but the feature only works for recipes with skill points up for reagent crafting currently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Reagent crafting now has a reagent cap. To account for the additional random element required to get all the ingredients to a reagent, the cap has been increased to 50.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now assign skill points to multiple recipes that require less reagents, by visiting an NPC in the city or logging in with the NPC in your party. You will not be able to use this feature for recipes that require gold, silver, or copper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Multiple reagents can be assigned skill points on the same recipe, but the reagent cap has been increased to 50.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Gold, silver, and copper will no longer be awarded for the same recipe if a player obtains both the materials by a specific combination. For example, if a player obtains both gold and copper from a recipe and then silver from another recipe, the silver will be awarded first, followed by gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to use the "Refresh All" button to refresh an arena team before a scheduled game. The Refresh All button appears when a team is due a forfeit and will not refresh when a team has not been due a forfeit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to use the "Random Matchmaking" feature to queue for a specific game type under specific restrictions. For example, someone who attempts to queue for Conquest of the Eastern Plaguelands or Battle for Azeroth PvP will be placed into a queue for PvP only Azeroth games, or for a time when the PvP cap is reached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Random Matchmaking: In addition to allowing players to queue for specific games, players can now randomly find opponents with the Random option in either scenario. When playing against someone randomly, the Random option will always show as available, regardless of any previous opponents that may have been in the queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Search}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UPPER CITY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Most Upper City faction quests have had their experience bonuses removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS' ROOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Negative impact effects are now distributed less frequently in Lower City.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cooldown of the [Death Coil] has been lengthened to 15 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The base duration of the [Frost Nova] has been increased to 2 minutes, up from 1.5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The base duration of the [Frost Armor] has been increased to 2 minutes, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Loatheth's Enveloping Darkness] has been changed. It now reduces [Shadow Bolt] cast time instead of increasing its damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ghoul Frenzy] has been changed. It now reduces the cooldown on [Immolate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Playing God] has been made fun of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Gargoyle mount is no longer exclusive-equip.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druids in Swift Flight form can no longer be targeted by enemy players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Force of Nature]'s movement speed bonus has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire] is now considered an Unholy spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire] and [Insect Swarm] now ignore 400% of their rider's armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire] is now dispellable, but can only be dispelled on allies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire] is now considered a damage-over-time effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire] and [Insect Swarm] are now affected by Faerie Fire's slowing effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire], [Insect Swarm], and [Faerie Fire] are now affected by Faerie Fire's cleansing effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Faerie Fire], [Insect Swarm], and [Faerie Fire] are now affected by Faerie Fire's extinguishing effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insect Swarm] is now affected by Faerie Fire's root effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lifebloom] now has a 45-second duration, up from 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nature's Swiftness] haste effect has been increased to 65%, up from 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rejuvenation]'s mana cost has been reduced by 80%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip] now generates both [Soul Shard] and [Lightwell] shards at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shooting Stars] now generates 6 shards at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starfall] cast time has been increased to 3 seconds, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starfire] is now a level-100 talent, replacing [Smite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starsurge] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival of the Fittest] now gives the Druid a chance to gain a stacking buff that reduces the damage dealt by a single target attack by 10% for 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival Instincts] no longer reduces the damage absorbed or damage dealt by affected spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swift Flight Form] now generates 6 shards at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swiftness of the Waters] now generates 6 shards at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Symbiosis] has been redesigned. This talent now emphasizes hybridization. All damage dealt is increased by 1% for each of the other player's damage sources. For example, if 3 of your spells deal 80% of your total damage, your Feral Swiftness effect causes each Wild Mushroom to deal 8% of its total worth of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thorns] is now a level-90 talent, replacing [Rip].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Typhoon] damage has been increased by 11%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Mushroom] is now considered an Unholy spell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunters can no longer consume a set bonus to [Intimidation] while in [Defensive Stance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The spell visuals for [Extracting Fern] have been updated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Hunter talent: [Show of Focus]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * While [Intimidation] is active, the Hunter's Hunter cards and abilities are now revealed to the enemies, and all damage dealt or healing done to them is reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Mend Pet] now has a 100% chance to remove a harmful effect from the target, up from 50% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mend Pet] now has a 2.5%/3% chance to remove all Disease effects, up from 2%/3% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mangle (Felhunter) now has a 2.5%/3% chance to remove all Poison effects, up from 2%/3% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Beast Lore] now shows the full range for all abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Maul] now has a 2.5%/3%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New projectile: [Spark of Life]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage: 33%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Cooldown: 3 minutes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * No longer has a Cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Now has an initial discharge, lasts for 1 hour, and has a 2.5 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP 2-piece set bonus now reduces the cooldown of [Taunt] by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to use [Taunt] while under the effects of [Drain Soul].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * PvP 4-piece set bonus now reduces the global cooldown of [Taunt] by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Divine Light and [Light of Dawn] will now briefly consume charges of Taunt before expiring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Taunt has been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command] now lasts for 2.5 seconds instead of 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unstacking [Judgements of the Pure] will now cause [Judgements of the Wise] to stack up to 5 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command] charges have been increased by 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seals of Command] now lasts for 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command] no longer triggers from damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shining Protectorate] duration has been increased to 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shining Protectorate] triggers from all damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of the Righteous] damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Vengeance] damage has been reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shining Protectorate] triggers from [Judgements of the Wise].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Selfless Healer] now also grants Righteous Vengeance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Templar's Verdict] damage has been reduced by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Toughness] now also reduces the duration of Stun effects by 20/40/60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vengeance] damage bonus has been increased to 25%, and now stacks up to 5 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Tendrils] now have a 1 second global cooldown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All healing user interface elements (NPCs, items, spells, etc) will now update on demand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mousing over an item action will now show the tooltip for the item you are currently wearing in the green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * When queuing for a dungeon, player names will be replaced with random characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Arena Teams pane now allows teams of 5 players each to queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Battle Map has been reorganized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now shift-click on a dungeon entrance to access the new Battle Map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now enable "Map Viewer" in the Interface options to enable panoramic views of the map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now toggle floating combat text by typing /toggle floatingcombat into chat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new Battle Map has been added to World of Warcraft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Battle Map now provides a full breakdown of all important PvP events like Arena Skirmishes, Warsong Gulch and more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now toggle floating combat text by typing /toggle floatingcombat into chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added visual effects for the following spells cast by a player from within the Battlegrounds: [Frost Nova], [Grand Marshal's Glaive], [Grand Marshal's Calling], [Glaive Toss], [Rallying Cry], [Run Through], and [Charge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now toggle the floating combat text setting in the Chat frame using the following bindings: Ctrl-click, Command-click, Group-click, or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u338\'8C\u732\'98-click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a new interface option to Interface options that allows players to set the map automatically whenever they zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new Floating Combat frame type can be accessed via the Interface options (see right).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now disable floating combat text using the following bindings: Ctrl-click, Command-click, Group-click, or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u338\'8C\u732\'98-click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Ice Floes] is now available to all hunters, starting at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Intimidation] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Lock and Load] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Bestial Wrath] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Survival of the Fittest] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now requires that the hunter have a minimum of 25 Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Bestial Wrath] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now requires that the hunter have a minimum of 15 Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] no longer requires a maximum of 10 Beasts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] no longer requires a 15 Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now requires that the hunter have a minimum of 15 Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Ursol's Vortex] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now requires that the hunter have a minimum of 10 Beast Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Wolverine's Waterlogged Geyser] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Freezing Traps] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Scare Beast] is now available to all hunters, starting at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Kill Command] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Kill Command] no longer has a preference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Master's Call] is now available to all hunters, starting at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now requires a maximum of 10 Beasts, down from 15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Bestial Wrath] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Ursol's Vortex] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Beast] now has a preference system, where you can change the type of a pet you're taming at any time, and the pet you pick will have the highest priority. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Two-handed Weapon Specialization (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9\u190\'BE\u141\'8D\u227\'E3\u402\'83\u187\'BB\u227\'E3\u402\'83\bullet \u227\'E3\u8218\'82\u169\'A9\u227\'E3\u402\'83\u188\'BC\u227\'E3\u402\'83\u187\'BB\u227\'E3\u8218\'82\u185\'B9\u227\'E3\u402\'83\u710\'88\u227\'E3\u402\'83\u169\'A9\u227\'E3\u8218\'82\u164\'A4) means that all regular attacks that benefit a two-handed weapon are replaced with a one-handed weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Domain abilities and spells that cannot be dispelled will be unaffected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Beast Mastery (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9\u190\'BE\u141\'8D) means "exotic pet".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Tame Beast]: Can be learned by hunters at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Bestial Wrath] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Ursol's Vortex] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Tame Beast]: Can be learned by hunters at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Feral }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Berserk] is a new Feral ability that occurs after 10% of your maximum health is reduced (formerly 15%). Berserkers increase damage taken by 10% per stack and lasts 10 seconds with a 2-minute cooldown. Being Berserk when a mob group is formed will remove Berserk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Survival Instincts]: Can no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short time ago we introduced you to the concept of a "turbo charge", whereby a player's powers and abilities temporarily increase in efficiency by applying a small amount of additional damage or healing to an already-existing effect on the target. Today we're introducing you to the concept of a "turbo-honor charge", whereby when demonstrating mastery of a role, your auto-attack hits an additional nearby target for a large damage bonus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, these two changes represent the first step toward what we hope to see in World of Warcraft: instant, automatic, customizable, peer-to-peer damage and healing. While we still have lots of work to do in order to fully realize this vision, we can at least say that it's a start.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EDITOR'S NOTE: This article discusses an ongoing topic within the World of Warcraft development team. We'd like to hear your thoughts on the subject. Please send suggestions to the forum administrator.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GUILD SYSTEM CHANGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guilds of level 3 or above may no longer be disbanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For players engaged in ranked PvP, the status of a guild has been permanently changed into "Ranked PvP."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For players engaged in individual-level 10-level 10-rewards PvP, the appropriate amount of experience has been awarded to the winning team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For players engaged in 10-level 90-minute PvP, the experience reward has been scaled so that it provides the same benefit without granting any additional benefit beyond what experience is already granted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For players engaged in 2v2 Arena, the 1v1 Arena bracket has been changed to 8v8 so that all 12v12 matches can be played without penalty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 2v2 Arena, the bracket has been changed to 8v8 so that all 12v12 matches can be played without penalty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 Arena, the initial invitation only bracket has been changed to 8v8 so that all eligible players can participate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 Arena, an Arena rating of 3200 or higher is required to play on Sundays.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 Arena, the initial invitation only bracket can be changed to 3v3 or above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 and above rated PvP, an Arena rating of 3400 or higher is required to play on Mondays.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 and above arena matches, an experience reward of 4000 or higher is available from the in-game Shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For 3v3 and above rated PvP, an experience reward of 2000 or higher is available from the in-game Raid Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Off-world quests have been added to lead players to these rewards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arena Rating Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The maximum possible rating a guild can have is now reached when a guild has 4 players, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The minimum possible rating a guild can have is now reached when a guild has exactly 4 players, down from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * At level 110, the 5-player maximum rating limit in instance dungeons is now reached, and no longer in raid encounters, on the next log in, when a guild realizes they've been invaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * At level 120, the 5-player maximum rating limit in instance dungeons is no longer reached, on the next log in, when a guild realizes they've been invaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Invasion prevention is now a 2-minute cooldown, and cooldown timers are now reset when a guild realizes they've been invaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Invasion prevention now kicks in 60 seconds after a guild realizes they've been invaded in 1 minute, instead of 2 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In 1v1 Arena, the defending team must now be at 1,200 health and the invading team must be at 800 health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 10-man raid limit in instance dungeons is now reached when a team at 10 health and under attacks the invading team, instead of when Team Attack breaks the invasion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In 1v1 Arena, the invading team must now be at 100% health and under, and the defending team must be at 100% health and over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 10-player raid limit in instance dungeons is now reached when a team of at least 10 players is attacked, instead of when Team Attack breaks the invasion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Two new reputations have been added for 1v1 and 2v2 Arena matches. These reputations will be awarded to the losing team based on the following criteria. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Team with the higher rating at the end of the match.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Team that started the match with the highest total health of the two teams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Match duration is now 1 minute and 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Both teams have 3 minutes to fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Both teams have 15 minutes to break the other team's Defense Grid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The losing team must now wait 2 minutes before awarding a reputation point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Infusion]: This talent now provides 3/6/9/12/15% additional bonus attack power per mastery, instead of 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shamanism]- [Lava Burst] base mana cost reduced to 12%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Theramore Totem]: This totem has been redesigned. It now has a base duration of 20 seconds, can no longer be dispelled and lasts 60 seconds with a 1-minute cooldown. It also now has a chance to trigger on successful AoE attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleash Life]: This talent now also applies to any damage dealt by the shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enhancement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage-over-time effect of [Lava Lash] has been increased by 22%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage-over-time effect of the talent [Fulmination] has been increased by 108%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Incanter's Ward] now reduces magic damage taken by 5/10%, down from 10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: This talent now also applies to fire/lightning damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Master of Elements]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of [Lightning Bolt], [Chain Lightning], [Lava Burst], [Fulmination], and [Mental Quickness].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of the shaman's spells [Flame Shock], [Earth Shock], [Frost Shock], [Cure Poison], and [Cure Disease].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of the shaman's spells [Purge], [Remove Curse], [Remove Curse] Spirit Link Totem, [Remove Curse], and [Remove Disease].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of the shaman's spells [Fire Nova], [Thunderstorm], and [Frost Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of the shaman's [Healing Rain] and [Chain Heal].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mental Quickness]: Now also increases the critical effect chance of the shaman's spells [Frost Shock], [Fire Shock], [Earth Shock], and Wind Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New talent at level 30: [Unleashed Rage]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Unleashed Rage increases the damage of [Mortal Strike] by an additional 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shamanism]- [Lava Burst] base mana cost reduced to 12%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Storm, Earth, and Fire]: No longer increases the critical effect chance of [Flame Shock], [Earth Shock], [Earthquake], and [Frost Shock], but now also increases the periodic critical strike chance of all damaging spells by 5/10% for 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stormbringer]: No longer increases the range of [Divine Storm] or [Healing Rain]. Instead, it now reduces the cast time of [Chain Heal] by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Temporal Shield]: While [Temporal Shield] is active, your [Time Warp] is instantly interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ancestral Awakening]: This talent now also applies to [Healing Wave], [Healing Surge], [Healing Rain], and [Healing Surge] of the appropriate type.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cleansing Waters]: No longer has a duration, but now has a 100% chance to remove all disease effects on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Deep Healing: This talent now also applies to [Tidal Waves] of the appropriate type.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earth Shield]: Now has a 2-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earth Shield]: Now has a 2-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Earthliving Weapon]: Redesigned. This talent now increases the periodic healing done by your [Health Restore], [Healing Stream], and [Riptide], but no longer has a limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Elemental Focus]: This talent now also applies to the periodic healing from [Healing Rain], [Healing Surge], and [Healing Rain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fungal Growth]: This talent now also applies to the periodic damage from [Chain Heal], [Lava Burst], and [Riptide].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All damage dealt increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Taunt] now applies to all targets within 30 yards, up from 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Barkskin] has been redesigned. It now reduces all damage taken by 30% for 6 seconds, and its duration has been increased to 6 seconds, but the talent no longer generates any threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Barkskin] now causes the Hunter's Barkskin to add 2/4/6% additional armor to the Hunter's base attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stampede] damage and healing increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Viper Venom] damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scorpid Sting] damage increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scorpid Poison] is a new talent:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Scars released by [Scars of the Fallen] increases damage for your next [Piercing Shot] by 20/40% (10 second duration).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot] damage increased to 65%, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Explosive Shot] damage increased to 700%, up from 350%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Multi-Shot] damage increased to 900%, up from 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tame Beast] now tames pets to match the Hunter's level, rather than 3 levels below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Harness of Havoc] no longer increases damage of pet abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Beast Lore] now explains how pets benefit from the Hunter's talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tame Demon] tames pets to match the Hunter's level, rather than 3 levels below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Increased the damage of most Arcane spells and abilities by 12%. ( [Arcane Blast], [Arcane Explosion], [Arcane Missiles], [Arcane Blast again...)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Orb] damage has been increased by 6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mage Armor], [Fire Ward], [Frost Ward], [Ice Armor], and [Evocation] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ring of Frost] size has been increased to 2666, up from 214.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Armor] duration has been increased to 6 seconds, up from 4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Howl of the Windlord] damage has been reduced by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Multi-Shot] damage has been increased by 13%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pinning Glare]'s periodic damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Searing Touch] now applies its critical strike chance critically to all targets, regardless of their health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sentry Shield]'s periodic damage now hits all targets, regardless of their health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Silence] is no longer a talent and is now available as a baseline ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spirit Bomb] damage has been increased by 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Increased the damage of most Fire spells and abilities by 12%. ( [Fireball], [Pyroblast], [Flame Orb], [Flame Shock])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alternate Fire] replaces [Scorch]. It deals the same damage, and consumes all of the same runes, but replaces [Smoke Bomb].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alternate Form] gives the Hunter's pet a 50/100% chance to Flame Shock, [Flametongue], [Frostbrand], [Bloodthirst], [Lava Burst], [Molten Fury], [Multi-Shot], [Multi-Explosion], and [Ranking from the Woods].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alternate Fire: Scorch] has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alternate Form] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alternate Form] has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Atom Gloves] can now be applied to the Hunter's pet at anytime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cleanse Spirit] now also removes all snare effects and makes the Hunter immune to them while active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Cobra Shot] will not deal critical damage to targets with damage reduction when the target is at or below 50% health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Disabling Shot] icon now shows up under the player's portrait when the ability is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE FOR AZEROTH SEASON 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Between the events of the first and second season of Battle for Azeroth, the night elves have been attacked by an unknown, deadly force. The Warchief believes this attack was ordered by Wyrmrest Accord, and that the Nightfallen who perpetrated the attack is indeed the one responsible. The Warchief leads a strike team of twelve heroes, led by Warchief Kael'thas, on a daring escape from Orgrimmar. The Warchief and his men face an overwhelming number of Ogri'la, but they will soon run out of options. The Ogri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99la they face will be no match for the Warchief\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s strength and determination. Players will now be able to lead a strike team in combat, starting at level 100. The Ogri\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99la in the first season of Battle for Azeroth will be much tougher than they appear in the second.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The second season of Battle for Azeroth will feature a new balance of druid talent trees. As part of this process, we have made several changes to druid talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level cap has been increased to 100.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Rejuvenation bar is now grayed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Ability: Solarium Barrage (Level 100).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a longer channeled spell (e.g. [Solaric Power]) will wake up your next sleeping target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Healing targets over level 60 now receive twice the expected bonus to healing from [Healing Rain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Feast of Souls] will no longer cancel upon taking damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated per melee swing reduced by 14%. This was to reduce the frequency of [Fatal Attractions] where this was not optimal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated while sitting increased to 200% from 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gladiator's Slicer] auto-attack damage has been increased by 215%, but the reload time has been increased to 2.3 seconds (was 2.0 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters will no longer miss with [Dismiss Pet] and [Dismiss] while using [Auto Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Explosive Trap] now breaks all snares when triggered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lethal Precision] now reduces damage taken by 4% per stack (was 8% reduction).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rabid] now has a 10% chance to not consume its effect when a damaging auto-attack hits the Rabid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] now reduces damage taken by 8% per stack (was 10% reduction).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Savage Defense] now increases Stamina by 2/4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Scent of Blood (Artifact trait) now reduces the cooldown of [Mortal Strike] by 7 seconds (was 5 seconds), and increases its healing by 50/100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scent of Blood] now increases Miasma's damage by 25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swipe now deals 375% weapon damage, up from 230%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wild Strike] now deals 425% weapon damage, up from 375%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Call Darkness] now reduces the cooldown of Call Darkness by 7 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Death's Embrace] now reduces the cost of [Disease Cleansing] by 10 Essence (was 20 Essence).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Hammer of Justice] now increases the damage done by [Hammer of Justice] by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Immolation Aura] now reduces the cooldown of [Immolation Aura] by 30 seconds (was 60 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mending] now reduces the cast time of [Mending] by 4 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Reach] now increases range by 5 yards (was 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shocking] now increases the radius of [Shocking] by 7 yards (was 6 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor] now reduces the cooldown of Sunder Armor by 30 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Surge of Light] now increases the healing of [Flash of Light] by 50% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Paladin Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Avenging Wrath}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dragon Siblings] should now correctly have their sound effect played.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ebonbolt] now correctly summons a second Ebonbolt for use after the first one has been used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gordok Inner Doorway] now opens at a door that leads outside, as well as a door that leads into the Ashran Passage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gordok Inner Doorway] is now usable after being in or out of combat, as well as being on the minimap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The minimap will now show players which way they can see a distant object, instead of pointing to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several objects in the distance will no longer cause the game to freeze when loading screens are displayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A stall has been added to the Greyhound bus depot in Stormwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several objects in the distance will no longer cause the game to freeze when loading screens are displayed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The dungeon search field has been improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players searching for "random" Braxxas in Lost Rigger Cove will be directed to a random location near where he is currently being held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players attempting to apply multiple items at once for sale via the auction house were not able to complete the transaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players attempting to remove an item that was already in a player's inventory were being directed to the location of the equipped item instead of the intended destination of the item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players were being directed to temporary banner advertisements that no longer function.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players were being redirected to pages that no longer function.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where interface elements were being modified multiple times during setup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players were being redirected to pages that no longer function.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where interface elements were being modified multiple times during setup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players were being redirected to pages that no longer function.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where interface elements were being modified multiple times during setup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.8 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.6 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.4.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.8 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.7 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added OpenGL support for Intel Macs with Mac OS X 10.3.6 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.6 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.5 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.3.5 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.4 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Integrated sound is now supported on Mac OS X 10.4.8 and higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mac OS X 10.4.8 or higher is now required on systems with Mac OS X 10.3.9 or higher.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PATCH MD5 CHECKSUM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following are the checksums for the 5 patch files for the US version of World of Warcraft, for anyone seeking to verify a download from a mirror:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 > }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4398f4d0922b4842818b48428188914532343975 wow-final.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4773fc8093e17e17b3821fb942b988ff0e941cb9a7dc7ace wow-partial-1.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6a86e811ee12e18e18e3854e3853fb938ff5dd5d0541cb75 wow-partial-2.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e38402d0527ce12ce129941cb38ff5e742e129927957c11c6bdd5bcc5c7ace wow-partial-3.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7170ce12ee12ce11ee129941cb38ff5e742e129927957c11c6bdd5bcc5c7ace wow-partial-4.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e38402d0527ce129941cb38ff5e742e129927957c11c6bdd5bcc5c7ace wow-partial-5.mpq}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e38402d0527ce129941}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Guardian's Favor] now passively increases Stamina by 10/20% (was 20/40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Priest }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Divine Insight] has been replaced with a new talent called Divine Spirit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Divine Spirit causes [Divine Insight] to no longer affect [Shadowfiend], and instead increases the effect of [Shadowfiend], [Mindbender], and [Riptide].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Focus] has been added to [Power Word: Shield]. It increases the amount of damage transferred to the target by 20%, but no longer applies to [Divine Insight].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Power Word: Shield] no longer ignores or prevents the damaging effects of any threat-related spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadowfiend] no longer generates threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mindbender] is now a passive talent, and has been moved into its own passive talent tree. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Shadowfiend's [Shadow Nova] has been replaced with a new talent called Mindbender. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Mindbender] causes the target to take an increasing amount of damage from the Priest's damaging spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Power Word: Shield] is now available on the trainer at level 94, and costs 65% of base mana to learn (was 94).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Divine Insight] has been replaced with a new talent called Divine Spirit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Divine Spirit causes the Priest to gain 2% less of the initial stat gains from all sources by 5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Penance] is no longer available on the trainer; learning the ability is learned at level 85 instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Shadowfiend] no longer generates threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Void Tendrils] now inflict less threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Rogue }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Recuperate] now costs 0.5% of base mana to use (was 0.75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shroud of Concealment] now reduces the threat generated by Embossment by 50% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Sealed Fate] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Rupture] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Deathblow] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Rupture] reduces the damage dealt by [Expose Armor] by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Burst of Speed] no longer triggers from [Dash] any longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Shadow] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Spinning Crane] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Water Elemental] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Wind Elemental] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Ancestral Guidance] now causes for [Healing Rain]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The amount of newly allocated gold in the game should be fairly consistent between acts 6 and 11 of any given dungeon. However, in order to make even modest amounts of this new Conquest gear possible, we've raised its item level considerably. This means that players will generally see a larger selection of items in their inventories if they are geared toward Gold or Honorbound gear. In addition, existing items that upgrade in quality to higher-tier versions should be able to upgrade further, as we've done for other items in this series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Any characters that completed the previous Acts of War for a random dungeon will receive a new title, "Co-Founder of Hyjal," which will entitle them to a new mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players that are not already on the Co-Founder of Hyjal will be able to obtain it by speaking with Archmage Timear in the Timeless Isle or by speaking with Vashj in Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The title of "Co-Founder of Hyjal" is automatically granted to players who are already on the Isle of Hyjal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 90 players that are not already on the Isle of Hyjal can access the Timeless Isle by speaking with Archmage Timear in the Timeless Isle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Under the Timeless Isle, players can access the Timeless Isle by speaking with Vashj in Undercity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Vashj also has a variety of other functions, including:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vashj the Falling: Teleports players to Vashj the Falling's side of the island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Vashj the Living: Removes players from combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arosyn the Tape: Sorts the dungeon pieces in reverse order of their appearance on the platform they're on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players now receive an automatic "Discover" alert when an area of the dungeon they have already discovered is presented to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An area of the dungeon that is not revealed via the Discover system will now require a 2-hour exploration period prior to being available for the player to discover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Unlike other Raid Finder dungeons, players do not automatically discover dungeons on their first attempt. As such, players may find themselves at a stalemate when attempting to queue for a given dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeon Finder: Tabs for each wing now allow a player to navigate to a random tab for a given dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Random tab allows a random group of players to queue together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Random group allows players to queue for a random dungeon in groups of 3 or more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Each group can only queue for a random dungeon at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Each player must be in the group to be able to queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Group must be under the player's control to queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Random Dungeon requires a 2 hour exploration period.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Unlike the Random Dungeon option, players cannot queue solo in groups of 3 or more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Random Dungeon tab allows a group of players to queue together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Random Dungeon tab will only allow a group of players to queue together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An option has been added to the Dungeon Finder to group dungeons by clicking on the Dungeon Finder button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * This option will display a random dungeon for the following week as well as the week prior to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Random Dungeon option is only available for pre-made groups at this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Each week the Dungeon Finder will expand to accommodate requests for additional dungeons and the Dungeon Finder will re-open a week prior to the new season.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For a complete overview of this new interface, check out the blog titled: Patch 5.3 Dungeon Finder Changes in Detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       UI}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Cloak - Dodge]: The damage reduction granted by this recipe is increased to 8/16/25%, up from 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Cloak - Greater Fire Damage]: The critical strike bonus granted by this recipe is increased to 8/16/25%, up from 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Cloak - Greater Nature Resistance]: The critical strike bonus granted by this recipe is increased to 8/16/25%, up from 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Cloak - Stealth]: This recipe is now available from the trainer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Cloak - Subtlety]: This recipe is now learned automatically by rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Gloves - Superior Agility]: This recipe is now learned automatically by warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Gloves - Damage Bonus]: This recipe is now learned automatically by rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Greater Agility]: This recipe is now learned automatically by paladins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Lesser Agility]: This recipe is now learned automatically by hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Greater Strength]: This recipe is now learned automatically by raid members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Greater Intelligence]: This recipe is now learned automatically by hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Greater Agility]: This recipe is now learned automatically by hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Rapid Fire]: This recipe is now learned automatically by warlock hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Tamed]: This recipe is now learned automatically by the warlock hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Arcane]: This recipe is now learned automatically by the warlock hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Arcane Intellect]: This recipe is now learned automatically by the warlock hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Mastery]: This recipe is now learned automatically by the warlock hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Formula: Enchant Weapon - Versatility]: This recipe is now learned automatically by the warlock hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Loot]: All raw damage from items that can be looted will be converted to a new spell or ability before it can be applied. This means items with 0 durability will be easier to obtain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Rare items that have a duration of "exor" (lasting over 10 seconds) will now have their bonuses extended by a duration that lasts until the item is destroyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The looting UI now has a "reward" tab for items that are won from a bonus roll, from a vendor sell price, or from trading with another player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Purchasing a recipe from a vendor now has a confirmation dialogue to make it easier to confirm a bonus roll result.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The looting interface now has a confirmation dialogue to make it easier to confirm a bonus roll result.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Lost items will now show up in the quest log as blazes instead of as a dark blue dot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new option to link an item in the auction house with a price has been added. The item will be linked by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now right click on a vendor buyback button to confirm a sale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A confirmation dialogue for bonus rolls has been added to the item tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new confirmation dialogue when using the S to combine two recipes has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Added visual effects for the healing provided by Mjollnir's Regalia and the Warlock spell [Incinerate]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Warlock spell [Shadowburn] now correctly has a 1.5 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Dark Intent] now correctly shares damage among affected pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Forbearance can now be selected at level 50, 300 ranks after the triggering effect has been applied}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE OF MOUNT HYJAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Team Avatar is back at the Battle of Mount Hyjal, offering a new set of challenges and a unique opportunity to prove who is the best Tank in the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new PvP challenge, 'Mull Tide,' is a quick-and-dirty version of the traditional 5 vs. 5 matchup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Get to the Battle of Mount Hyjal in style as you take on the roles of a Support or an Admiral. While you're on the clock, no one will dare to step out of line of sight!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Just when you thought you had seen the last of the Black Knight, he graces you with a vengeance\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u166\'A6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Your exploits as a tanking Battle Pet have been noticed by the Alliance and they are in need of your services once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You are now considered a Half-Giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Your exploits as a Half-Giant have inspired a whole new legion of ad-hominem champions! Pick up your new legion of ad-hominem champions at the Battle of Mount Hyjal in 10- and 25-player versions, or find a group to compete on your behalf in the new 10- and 25-player modes!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The list of champions waiting to be claimed grows longer and longer, and now it's time to seize the moment and claim your own! Claim your own Seagull at the Battle of Mount Hyjal, and get ready to claim your very own Hyjal, for the long wait is almost over!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bonus Armor: The amount of bonus armor you receive when you're tanking a boss has been increased by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Chances are, your luck has run out and you will not be receiving a full 300% bonus to attack power for your efforts. To compensate, you will receive a smaller and smaller amount of bonus armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Cooldown: The amount of cooldown you must wait before a boss kill has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dispel Resist: This ability now has a 9 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Health Leaks: This ability now grants 5% leeway to one's health, rather than 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Resilience: Now reduces the damage your health takes from area-of-effect damage by 90/150% but no longer applies to area-of-effect damage from the Priest's Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spell Mana Costs: This system has been adjusted so that all instant cast spells have the same mana cost, resulting in a smaller and smaller impact on the mana budget.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Resilience: Now reduces the damage your health takes from area-of-effect damage by 90/150% but no longer applies to area-of-effect damage from the Priest's Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Strength: Priest's Strength stat has been increased by 5% and now provides 5% additional critical strike chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Resonance Sphere] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Twist of Fate] talent now will only gain its mana refund on clearing a channeled spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The buff icon for [Clarity of Purpose] will now clearly show up under the character sheet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new option has been added to Interface options, 'Display in Combat Mode'. When this is turned on, you will see a combat log of all spells and spells effects which have a chance to be active on your current target. For dispelling any of these buffs, you will see the dispel confirmation dialogue after the spell has been cast instead of the dispel effect after the dispel effect has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new combat log will now show up under the character sheet under the character name "Mesmerized". This feature can be turned on with the Show Combat Log option.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Area Spells: A new option has been added under Interface options to show all spells with a chance to be cast in an area of interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Evading: This will now be a constant evade, allowing the character to evade all attacks for the duration of a grapple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs: All glyphs that modify a spell now will cause a cooldown when the glyph is learned, this cooldown will now start on use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gladiator Tabard] and [Gladiator's Plate Girdle] can now be purchased with Demonblight, allowing the character to train in both armor types.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New option: Epic Quest Rewards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When on an action quest that rewards more items than a set bonus could potentially provide, you will now be able to choose the Epic Quest Reward to receive the extra item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player versus Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * On the Attack or Defense side, an Epic enemy quest will now always be available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * On the Map, an Epic enemy quest will always be available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * On the Unit Frame,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frost Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 10%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]: This spell no longer deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 10%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 10%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbite]: When this effect is triggered, it will now always be removed properly when the player leaves the instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Polymorph]: This ability will no longer be re-applied prematurely by changing stance after an attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead]: It is no longer possible under some circumstances to Shackle Undead with this ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Taste of Blood]: It is no longer possible under some circumstances to gain the benefit of this ability while not actually in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Presence]: This ability will now gain the correct haste amount and will properly gain its sound effect when used with a 2-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Feeding Frenzy] will now correctly consume the [Raptor] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kill Command] is no longer usable while under the effects of a Snare that has been fully applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Master's Call]: This ability will no longer lose a tick of health when the Raptor effect is fully applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Tame Beast]: This ability will now trigger properly from Saurfang's [Beast Lore] when Saurfang himself is damaged. In addition, the damage dealt by this spell will now properly generate an attack of opportunity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Survival Instincts] will now gain the correct damage bonus for the creature type of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Survival Instincts]: Hunters and Survival Hunters will now gain the correct damage bonus for the creature type of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Survival Instincts] and [Intervene] will now gain the correct damage bonuses for the creature type of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Tame Beast]: This ability will now actually give the benefit of the Tame Beast effect when cast by a tamed creature. In addition, it will no longer incorrectly show up as a non-Tame Beast on the hunter UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Tame Beast]: This ability will no longer incorrectly indicate a nonexistent or invalid tamed creature when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Viper Sting]: This ability now deals 100% of the damage it takes from the hunter's pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Volley]: The tooltip for this spell will now update correctly from the 4 new targets added by the [Combustion] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Wild Growth]: It is no longer possible to use this ability on a target with a globe, who would otherwise not have a globe icon appear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Basilisks now have an additional ability, [Embrace the Beast Within], which allows them to enter combat mode and aid their master in combat. This ability is passive for the pet and fully recovers the pet's health if it is reduced below 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Burrow Attack] now deals 175% of weapon damage, up from 160%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Cobra Shot]: The damage gained from this ability from Combo Points has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Faerie Fire], consumed by [Froststorm] has been doubled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kill Command], learned at level 10, now costs 10 Energy and has a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Attunement]: This talent now also applies to [Frost Presence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Embrace] duration increased to 15 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ascendance] no longer replicates healing from Spouting Spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthbind Totem]: This spell no longer causes a heal-over-time effect on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth Shield]: This spell will now trigger when the Shaman's or Tauren's pet is killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Reach]: This talent now accounts for the increased damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frozen Power]: This talent now allows the target to receive healing from the entire healing stack (including over-healing).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chaos Bolt]: This spell now deals a large amount of damage at higher levels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Entrapment] and [Shadow Bolt] are no longer on separate lists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Harvest Life]: This talent will no longer cause players to stand up while under the effects of Harvest Life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Howl of Terror]: This spell is no longer able to land on death knights who have Malediction active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Kil'jaeden's Cunning]: This talent will no longer allow Kil'jaeden's Cunning to proc when the Warlock is stealthed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Malediction]: This talent will now always be on (used to require a rogue to be in line of sight).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master of Ghouls]: This talent will now trigger properly from any damage absorbed or damage over time spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Nightfall] will no longer leave the Warlock's corpse exposed to the elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ritual of Summoning]: This spell will no longer fail when a Warlock's pet is banished or steals the Warlock's attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Embrace]: This talent now allows the target to receive healing from the entire healing stack (including over-healing). In addition, this talent now accounts for the increased damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption]: This spell will now fail when Corruption is cast on an invalid target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowfury] will now correctly do damage when used with Riptide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Resolve]: This talent now requires a rogue to be in line of sight of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Shell]: A Warlock's spirits will no longer be consumed by damaging spells that affect their current target when the caster's spirit is full.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction]: This spell can no longer be cast while affected by [Drain Soul].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Classes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bloody Strikes]: The duration of this talent has been increased to 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bone Shield]: The buff from this ability now persists properly when the spell is cast by another target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chains of Ice]: This talent now works properly even when the Death Knight is shapeshifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence]: This talent now also reduces all damage taken by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Howling Blast]: The damage reduction from this ability has been increased to 30%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Icy Touch]: This talent now also applies to the periodic damage of [Icy Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes]: The bonus damage from this talent now applies properly to melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Obliterate]: This ability now deals damage at the proper frequency; the damage on the first tick will deal 100% of the damage on the second and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An option has been added to display the word "LastPass" when the player is last online.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An option has been added to display the word "Update" when the player is out of the last patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CLIENT PATCH 1.9.2 IS THE SECOND MINOR PATCH AFTER PATCH 1.9. THIS PATCH INCLUDES A CHANGE TO IMPROVE STABILITY FOR MACOS X USERS WITH ATI GPUS. IT ADDRESSES SYSTEM CRASHES OBSERVED WHEN TRANSITIONING FROM INDOOR TO OUTDOOR OR VICE VERSA, WHILE THE MINI-MAP IS ENABLED.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons and Raids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Failing to complete a keystone in time no longer causes a crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battle of Dazar'alor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A number of character behavioral issues affecting players while transformed into the opposite faction have been fixed. These include fixes to Paladins' [Divine Steed] and Shadow Priests' language after exiting [Voidform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Opulence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the coin shower visual to sometimes persist longer than intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Baradin Hold}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some non-boss enemies in Baradin Hold to be missing too quickly to display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Bastion of Twilight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the display of Captured Ambs to be delayed until another item was added to the bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the display of Keys to be delayed until another item was added to the bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the looting of an Exalted enemy to be delayed until another item was added to the bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players no longer display a key when the Bastion of Twilight is active, and the interface does not disclose this fact to the player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused the looting of Stacked Items to be delayed until another item was added to the bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players no longer display a key when they are in a group, and the loot window does not disclose this fact to the player either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Loot eligibility lockouts for all raids from Siege of Orgrimmar, The Burning Crusade, and Warlords of Draenor have been reset to allow players who reset prior to the above-mentioned patches to skip them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * If an item that has been looted in a previous attempt is found, it will no longer automatically go into the vault until the current attempt fails.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * If a player's character is in a different state than usual when a roll on an item of a specified type is made, the player will be asked whether they are sure they want to attempt the roll. A subsequent confirmation prompt will then appear, informing the player that the roll cannot be completed due to the specified character type.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The following daily cooldown periods have been added: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Patch 6.2.2 (2008-12-03) for the Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King on Raid Finder difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Patch 6.2 (2008-12-03) for the Legion Season 1 on Raid Finder difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Patch 6.1 (2008-12-02) for the Legion Season 1 on Raid Finder difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Patch 5.3 (2008-11-29) for the Warlords of Draenor raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The following non-boss enemies have been added}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Reach] (Rank 2) now reduces the cast time of [Frozen Reach] by 0.3 seconds, up from 0.1 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glacial Spike] duration increased to 8 seconds, up from 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ice Lance] damage increased by 50%, cooldown reduced to 20 seconds, and damage per tick reduced from 315% to 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fingers of Frost] proc chance reduced to 60% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Armor] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt] can no longer proc Arcane Shot, and can no longer trigger from [Blizzard].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hot Hand] now deals 180% of weapon damage (was 125%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Icy Clutch] moved to tier 1 (was 496%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Intimidating Shout] is now a physical ability and can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Safeguard] cooldown now 2 minutes (was 3 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warbringer] now reduces the cooldown of [Heroic Leap] by 60 seconds (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Winter's Chill] now causes your auto attacks to trigger an additional 1-second vulnerability on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Idol of the Emerald Queen]: [Shining Protector] now increases your Multistrike stat and Multistrike bonus to 5% (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Idol of the Sturdy Ox]: [Mighty Ox Kick] now deals 175% of your missing health in damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insignia of the Frostwolf clan] now increases Strength by 50% (was 0%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insignia of the Wild Hunt]: [Carapace Spine] now increases Multistrike by 5% (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Left Thumb's Disengage] cooldown is now 90 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Lord Ahune's Prowl (replaces [Moonlight's Call]) - [Glyph of Arcane Blast] now causes your [Arcane Blast] to deal 10% more damage, and increases the cast time of Arcane Blast by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Merciless Gladiator's Effulgence] now increases damage by 2% per stack (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mr. Pinchy]: Your first [Mocking Blow] reduces the target's healing received by 5%, up from 0%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Noggenfogger Elixir]: This item's tooltip now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Quel'dorei Channeling Rod] now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Quel'dorei Sash now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ragveil]: The buff granted by this item when your [Ferocious Bite] deals damage has been changed to provide 10% increased damage for the next Ferocious Bite you deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reclaimed Shadowstrike]: This item now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reinforced Shadowstrike]: This item now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Retribution Aura]: The buff granted by this item when your [Fist of Justice] deals damage has been changed to provide 10% increased damage for the next Fist of Justice you deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Retribution Aura]: The buff granted by this item when your [Overpower] deals damage has been changed to provide 10% increased damage for the next Overpower you deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ravager]: This item now indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rexxar's Plate Spinner]: This item now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rexxar's Shortbow]: This item now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rezok Industries' Gauntlets]: This item now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Revive]: This spell now has a maximum of 2 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reticulated Armor Webbing]: This item now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scroll of Resurrection] spell duration has been increased to 25 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scroll of Transformation] now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sagefish Delight]: This item now appears in your inventory after you have already consumed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Schematic: Fused Wiring]: This recipe for [Fused Wiring] now requires Crystal Fragments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sheen of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Axe Specialization] (Artifact Trait) has been redesigned. It now increases one of your primary weapons skill ranks by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] (Artifact trait) now increases your primary weapon skill by 1/2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thrown Mastery] no longer increases the Thrown Mastery of [Hammer of Justice]. It now increases the critical strike chance of your [Charge] and [Intervene] abilities by 5/10/15%, up from 3/6/9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Charge] is now available from the 2-handed stance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Intervene] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Charge] no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Charge] no longer generates a ton of threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hammer of Justice] now deals 375% weapon damage (was 298%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization] no longer increases the damage of your primary weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mocking Blow] now costs 10 energy (was 20).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Precision] now increases the critical strike chance of your [Mocking Blow] ability by 5/10/15%, up from 3/6/9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slice and Dice] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Waylay] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Trap] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master's Call] now deals 375% weapon damage (was 298%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Serpent Sting] now deals 125% weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Slash] is a new passive ability for Elemental Warlocks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Elemental Warlocks can no longer cast [Searing Totem] while immobilized by [Glyph of Incinerate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Ability: [Glyph of Incinerate]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The periodic damage of [Incinerate] is now affected by Glyph of Incinerate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]'s snare effect is now removed by hitting a target with a Mind Flay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shadowflame] now causes [Shadowflame] to hit 2 additional nearby targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shiv] now deals 175% weapon damage (was 100%) and increases the damage of Shiv by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Swap] now only grants its benefit during [Soul Swap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap] has been redesigned. It now causes [Power Word: Shield] to reduce the global cooldown and cooldowns of the affected targets by 50% for the duration of the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sear Magic] no longer has a cooldown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Casting [Frost Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hex] now deals 16% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mirror Image] now deals 16% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Ward] now lasts 15 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Twilight Ward] now lasts 15 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] is no longer available after death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING AND CONSOLIDATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Over the years, we've made a point of emphasizing the power of the shaman's ability to buff their pet. After considering a variety of removal spells, we decided that [Fire Nova] was the best spell for the role of a removal spell. With that in mind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alchemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The recipes in the annual Alchemy recipe book are now bind-on-equip and require no rune essence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Engineering}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The recipes in the annual Engineering recipe book are now bind-on-equip and require no rune essence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The recipes in the Basilisk Island excursions are no longer bind-on-equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The recipes in the Blacksmithing recipe book are no longer bind-on-equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer engineering recipes at the Draenor meeting stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inscription}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer recipes in the Stormshroud Armor recipe book that require a Stormshroud Shell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jewelcrafting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer engineering recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer crafting recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leatherworking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer engineering recipes in the The Prophet's Mantle set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer crafting recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leatherworking Armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer engineering recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leatherworking Gloves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer leatherworking recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer leatherworking recipes in the Throne of Thunder set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leatherworking, Tailoring, and Outfitting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer recipes in the Scarabscale Set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer recipes in the Truefaith Set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mining}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are no longer exotic gems required for the mithril-plated Go for Gold chest to spawn. The chests selling them had previously been changed to accommodate the new system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arena teams are now counted in the honor system and do not get bonus honor if they win their games. If a team loses, its individual rating is added to the opponents honor total.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quests}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A quest log has been added to the world that tracks Stephentakes and other such "rarer" looking for a group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Stephentakes now drop significantly more stephentake items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new vendor has been added to the Violet Hold in Dalaran who can repair your damaged outposts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All newly completed Legion quests are now awarded 100 [Justice Points] each.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Obtaining 200 Conquest points in 3 minutes now awards a free [Conquest Token].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Obtaining 300 Conquest points in 3 minutes now awards a free [Conquest Token].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Purchasing [Founding Oil] from the Fame Chronicle now awards 500 Conquest Points, and an additional 500 Justice Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Purchasing [Mining Spirits] from the Justice Chamber now awards 600 Justice Points, and an additional 800 Mining Spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completing the quest The First Avenger Now awards 100 Garrison Resources, and also awards 200 Garrison Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completing the quest The Hand of Avilus now awards 100 Garrison Resources, and also awards 200 Garrison Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completing the quest The Unborn Horror now awards 100 Garrison Resources, and also awards 200 Garrison Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completing the quest The Signet Ring of Azzinoth now awards 100 Garrison Resources, and also awards 200 Garrison Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Completing the quest Death From Above now awards 100 Garrison Resources, and also awards 200 Garrison Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Onyxia is now Social at 30%, and will no longer drop petty items (which didn't help in Legion).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fighters That Shove It! or [Fighters of the Way] now award 200 Garrison Resources, and also award 150 Justice Points (was 200).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New PvP trinkets have been added for players in any role who wants to maximize their contribution to a given encounter. These trinkets can be sent to Prestige 2, 3, or 5, depending on the build and the content of the encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fighters who complete a Full Blows run on a boss encounter will receive a new title, "Head of State".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Calia is now a certified Trainer in the Order of the Silver Hand, dedicated to teaching the art of War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ziradormi is now a certified Master of Calydonian Lore, an honor earned by defeating every Calydonian dungeon and raid in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now unlock the new dungeon-specific Achievements that will allow players to earn Prestige with specific dungeon groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Baron Rivendare has a new passive ability that will make him easier to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blood Priests who attempt to use [Divine Intervention] on a target that's engaged in combat will now be prompted to do so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Baron Rivendare's corpse can be looted while he's engaged in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elise Starseeker's [Void Bolt] now deals 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Double buffing has been added to [Seal of the Dawn] and [Seal of the Sea] to improve their throughput.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Double buffing has been added to [Mortal Strike] and [Frost Strike] to improve their throughput.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Double buffing has been added to [Seal of Blood] to improve their throughput.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Double buffing has been added to [Sword of Light] to improve their throughput.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rage generated from [Ultimatum] will now decrease based on the number of players present in the Battleground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no longer receive a "more abilities" error message if they attempt to use a Selfcast spell on a target that has an active Mind Control spell active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Destiny Driver] will now properly clear channeling errors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If a timed attack fails due to damage adjustment factors, it will now display a different number for each of the modifiers used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Non-damaging interrupts are no longer affected by the damagger modifier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Armor Penetration Rating: [Improved Revenge] now increases the amount of attack power the victim takes before mitigation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shield Block Rating: The amount of shield blocked rating needed to block a 2-handed weapon has been increased from 110 to 130.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Taunt Diminishing Returns: The diminishing returns on Taunt effect have been substantially reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Use of Taunt Diminishing Returns: [Whirlwind], [Shield Block], [Martyrdang], [Berserk], [Backstab], and [All Out] have been rebalanced to reduce the frequency at which Taunt is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arena: Addon Developers' Draft (draft): The Black Knight's teleportation should always happen while the arena is open).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Set items that increase a stat no longer display an increased stat on the item tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The vendor sell level 55 items have had the amount of offense and defense ratings they previously received modified so that each item in the set has an equal chance to give a rating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If an item has multiple ranks they will now display the correct bonus at the appropriate rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items that grant bonuses of 2/4/6/8/10/12/15% or more have had the effect of reducing the actual amount of bonus applied to the item tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many items that grant "increases to stats" to themselves have had the effect increased by an additional 1-5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Multiple item defenses have been added to a character}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Two-handed weapon specialization has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Daggers have been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Two-handed weapon speed has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Damage taken from deflecting deflect missiles has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Daggers and Two-handed weapon speed have been improved somewhat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Knockbacks and parries have been reduced by 50%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shields have been changed from 10% reduced damage taken to 2% reduced damage taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shields no longer last indefinitely, and will eventually go unused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Thorium Scalpel] has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Most 2-handed weapon spells are now available on all ranks, starting at level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Two-handed weapon speed has been improved}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Arcane Power]: Now updates the number of charges in the Arcane Power talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Arcane Power]: Now updates the tooltip for Arcane Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Frost Nova]: Now updates the tooltip for [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Living Bomb]: Now updates the damage modifier for [Burst of Speed].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soothing Mist]: Now updates the tooltip for Soothing Mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soothing Mist]: Now updates the duration of the bonus healing gained from Soothing Mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Tricks of the Trade]: Now updates the damage bonus coefficient of Tricks of the Trade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now updates the tooltip of Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: Now updates the tooltip of Mind Flay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shadow]: Now updates the damage bonus for Shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shocking]: Now updates the tooltip of Shocking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit]: Now updates the spirit bonus tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shadowy Apparitions]: Now updates the Shadowy Apparition tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shocking]: Now updates the damage bonus tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Sinister Power]: Now updates the tooltip of Sinister Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soothing Mist]: Now updates the healing amount listed in the spirit tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Terror]: Now updates the damage bonus tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vampiric Touch]: Now updates the damage bonus tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Recuperate]: Now updates the tooltip for [Recuperate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shiv]: Now updates the damage displayed in the Shiv skill tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Vigor]: Now updates the duration of the effect on [Vigor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Wild Strike]: Now updates the tooltip for Wild Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Storm]: Now updates the duration of the buff on [Healing Rain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Rain]: A new class specific passive has been added, [Healing Rain], which increases the healing of your [Healing Rain] spell by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Precision]: This talent now also reduces the mana cost of your [Healing Rain] spell by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem of Quaking Earth]: Now validates [Arcane Missiles] on all raid targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem of Fire]: Now validates [Arcane Missiles] on all raid targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem of Thunder]: Now validates [Arcane Missiles] on all raid targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Totem of Water]: Now validates [Arcane Missiles] on all raid targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zandalarian Hero Equip]: Tooltip corrected to indicate the item is an epic item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Demonic Wards]: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice]: Only the character that used the item can now receive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ers, mage, priest, and warrior, respectively, will no longer cast [Lightning Shield] on themselves after [Thunder Clap] has been used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wandering Plague] will now only apply its debuff to those struck by its blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Armor] no longer applies its blast damage reduction to Fire and Shadow damage types.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blizzard] in [Blizzard] will no longer fire up to 4 additional times from the 6 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Shield] now increases mana costs by 25% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Presence of Mind] has been improved to work with the [Evocation] talent, and consumes an [Empty Socket] to generate an additional 6 mana over 9 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Inner Fire] will now affect [Inner Fire] and [Shadowburn], and now works with Inner Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pyroblast] cast time has been reduced to 2.0 seconds, down from 2.35 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowburn] will now consume 4 mana over 9 seconds, down from 5 mana over 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowfiend] will now work with any dispel resistance, including the dispel resistance granted by items such as [Dispel Magic].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Silent Resolve] talent has been reduced to 3 points, down from 5 points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stormstrike] will now dispel all harmful magic on the target, including charms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Reduced is no longer a required talent, and can be learned by virtually any Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] can now be recast for free, but the spell now costs 10% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Missiles] can now be cast while in [Shadow Dance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slow] is no longer a required talent, can be learned by virtually any Mage, and has a spell alert that is always visible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slow] is now a passive spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slow] no longer consumes a charge of Arcane Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slow] now has a 10 second duration, 2 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blink] can now be used while Blink is active, but the Blink effect cannot occur more than once every 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Phantasm] is now a toggle that can be turned off by pressing the button again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] now reduces the duration of damage taken by 20%, cooldown has been lowered to 90 seconds, and the amount of damage absorbed has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ring of Frost] now has a range of 40 yards, up from 30 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Magic] is now a toggle that can be turned off by pressing the button again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Amplification] now increases the Mage's Attack Power by 15% for 10 seconds after casting [Frostbolt] or [Icebolt] (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Amplification] is now a passive talent. It increases the Mage's Attack Power by 15% for 10 seconds after casting [Frost Shock], [Frost Nova], [Ice Nova], [Flame Shock], [Frostbolt], [Ice Lance], and [Ice Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conjure Food] now adds [Plenty of Plenty], a new food item that can be toggled by pressing the food item up or down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Shock] now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Armor] now reduces damage taken by 15% (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Specialization] now increases Magic damage by 40% (up from 30%), and Arcane damage by 50% (up from 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Specialization] is a new passive ability learned by Arcane mages at level 76. [Counterspell] is the first effect triggered by this talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] is now a Tier 5 passive, and [Spellproof]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Talent Backline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sethekk Ravenguard has returned to Shadowmoon Valley, where he can be found guarding the Dark Portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The mysterious and powerful known as the Twisting Nether herself has been spotted in Shadowmoon Valley, where she and the Legion's anchor, Ahune, might find a peaceful home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Vortex Pinnacle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Atop the Shardmind Titan, players can soar through the clouds, alfonso...unless they're in a place that Lady Vengeance doesn't approve of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All Arena Points are refunded after a win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor system}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fresh Meat now awards more Honor Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Forbearance] talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Forbearance reduces the damage your character takes from area-of-effect damage by 90%, but no longer applies to area-of-effect damage caused by other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All items that grant bonus Armor/Damage have been re-evaluated. In most cases, their percentage of bonus armor or damage was increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cloth, Leather, and Tertiary Armor items that grant skill gains have been re-evaluated. Where previously you would have needed to gain a specific amount of a specific item to receive its benefit, now you will receive a larger benefit from that specific item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Deprecated legendary item modifiers have been retained for the most part.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Some of the old [Conjured Mana Biscuit] bonuses have been retained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Some of the castable spells from the 2-slot bag have been converted to [Runic Power Bags]. This should make using such Bags much more enjoyable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Runic Power Bags have been added to the Garrison. Runic Power Bags are large purple bags with a lockable object inside each one. The bag will hold one [Runic Power Bag] with a max capacity of 15 Runic Power Bags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * This new system will allow players to keep track of all of the items in their inventory that they have equipped and are carrying around with them at all times. Any items that have a maximum capacity of 25 Runic Power Bags will remain the same size and weight they once did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Magnifying Glass] has a new model.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Discerning Eye] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Focusing Lense] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Magic Suppression] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Shadowvenom] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Skyshatter Helm]'s bonus armor effect has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage dealt from [Blazing Speed] and [Crystal Strike] by [Spell Reflection] has been increased significantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus spell damage for the [Twilight Ward] has been increased significantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Striking Gale of the [Furious Gale] has been changed to a 50% melee critical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Crystal Strike] bonus is now reduced by armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus to critical strike chance for the [Talisman of Ephemeral Power] has been increased to 25%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus to Mastery has been increased to 400%, up from 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus to Mastery (Frost) has been increased to 400%, up from 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus to Mastery rating for the [Gift of the Naaru] has been increased to 2200, up from 1800.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bonus to Mastery rating for the [Scepter of the Void] has been increased to 2200, up from 1800.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chrono Shift] now has a 1-second global cooldown, no cooldown for when a class spell is cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Torrent] now shares its cooldown with any other periodic spellcast that broke crowd control ( [Crippling Fear], [Fear], [Scent of Blood], etc.).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Torrent] has been redesigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * If the target of Arcane Torrent dies or is otherwise unavailable, the spell will automatically target a new, more effective target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mana cost of Arcane Torrent has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ISHU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since the release of Patch 7.8.0, the following bugs have been fixed with patch 7.8.0:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Inner Fire] incorrectly causes [Incinerate] to generate additional threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire does not interact correctly with [Rain of Fire], [Hot Streak], or [Searing Totem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Arcane Torrent] is now canceled immediately upon completion of casting Inner Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Searing Totem] will now despawn 100% of the time when cast by Inner Fire, instead of 3 seconds after the cast beginning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tremor Totem]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The animation for activating this totem has been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Eternal Earth] will no longer cause players to be instantly teleported to the Garrosh Hellscream encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [The Incan Lightning] will no longer cause characters to be stunned while on the Isle of Thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where [Thundering Strikes] was not always functioning properly after being the victim of a taunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spell Reflection] will now properly trigger after a spell that has been on the target for an extended time has been cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Tremor would not be triggered if a totem was unequipped while under the effects of [Cyclone].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where [Mental Quickness] was incorrectly increasing the benefit granted by Inner Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the benefits of the [Riptide] talent were not always being applied properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the benefits of the [Sapphire Crystal] were not always being applied properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the benefits of the trial version of the Dreadmist were not always being applied properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES: GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All non-damaging interrupts off the global cooldown will now always hit the target. This includes [Pummel], [Kick], [Mind Freeze], [Rebuke], [Skull Bash], [Counterspell], [Wind Shear], [Solar Beam], [Silence], [Silent Resolve], and related player pet abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several persistent ground effects now display different visuals for hostile and friendly players. The following spells have the same visual effects for friendly players, but new alternate visuals for hostile players: [Ring of Frost], [Consecration], [Wild Growth], [Wild Imprint], [Stormstrike], and [Hand of Gul'dan].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several persistent ground effects have been moved to or past the breaking-point for the level 85+ content of the Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warbringer (Troll Racial) now reduces the effects of damaging periodic effects by 10/20/30% (was 5/10/15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Resolve] (Orc Racial) has been improved to 5/10/15% additional stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Precision] (Troll Racial) has been improved to 4/8/12% additional stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In The Arena, Honor Talents are now only available for the Warrior and Mage classes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Initiative] (Subtlety Specialization) is now available at level 56.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Master of Elements] (Restoration) increases the damage of the Monk's [Fireball] and [Frostfire Bolt] spells by 95%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mighty Reflexes] (Combat) now also increases the damage of the Rogue's [Pistol Shot] and [Garrote] spells by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind-numbing Poison] and [Toxins] have been removed from the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nerve Strike] (Assassination) now reduces energy cost by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Overpower] no longer costs energy, does 17% more damage, and has a 6 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Precision] (Combat) now also increases the damage of the Rogue's [Filthy Tricks] and [Trick of the Trade] spells by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Relentless Strikes] now reduces the cooldown of [Mortal Strike] by 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Relentless Strikes] no longer reduces the energy cost of Mortal Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Second Wind] now generates 15 Rage (was 10 Rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Second Wind] no longer triggers from damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Skill Bind] now works against all types of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sap]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Druids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tranquility] now heals for 30% of damage dealt, down from 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Eclipse] now costs 5% of base mana, down from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Barbed Shot's tooltip has been updated to reflect that the damage transfer occurs in addition to the attack power bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Barbed Shot's tooltip now reports the correct attack power bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carve] (Rank 5) now reduces Wildfire Bomb's cooldown starting at level 56 (was level 28).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wildfire Bomb's cooldown is now reduced by haste (Carve no longer reduces its global cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Wildfire Bomb's cooldown is now reduced by Mastery (Survival): [Explosive Trap] will now proc immediately after 5 Wildfire Bombs are placed, and [Explosive Trap] will now proc every 20 Wildfire Bombs placed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carve] now reduces Wildfire Bomb's cooldown starting at level 8 (was level 6).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Icicles] proc chance is now 2.0% per stack, up from 1.5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glacial Spike]'s tooltip now states that the Mage's Ice Lance also deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ring of Frost] now has a cast time of 1.5 seconds, up from 1.0 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ring of Frost] has been completely redesigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Mage's Ring of Frost no longer has a [Cone of Cold] area effect. The area effect remains unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [Cone of Cold] applied by Cone of Cold will no longer be able to be applied until the Mage's Ice Lance passes through their [Ice Barrier].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ring of Frost now has a 1.5 second cast time, up from 1.0 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Ring of Frost cannot be dispelled, and dispelling it does not remove the barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cone of Cold] cannot be dispelled, and dispelling it does not remove the barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] now reduces damage taken by 15%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Polymorph] now costs 15% of base mana, up from 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The damage of most Fire spells has been increased by 37%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fireball] now deals 175% of weapon damage, up from 105%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyroblast] now deals 100% of weapon damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flamestrike] base mana cost has been reduced by 99%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now deals 175% of weapon damage, up from 105%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hellfire] now deals 100% of weapon damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Immolate] now deals 85% of weapon damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] now deals 85% of weapon damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rain of Fire] now costs 20% of base mana, up from 9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rockbiter] now deals 100% of weapon damage, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sublimation] now costs 25% of base mana, up from 19%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Supercharge] now costs 25% of base mana, up from 19%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] now reduces damage taken by 15%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Floes] now has a 1.5 second cast time, up from 1.0 seconds, and has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iron Horde invasion of Kalimdor has already begun. As war breaks out across Draenor, many heroes find themselves thrust into the middle of an epic new conflict. But the heroes of Darkshore are not your enemies. Ranks 1-3 of the War for Darkshore raid content are pre-made groups meant to provide an introduction to the raid before jumping into any given boss encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Darkshore, Arthas and Azeroth are now represented by emblems crafted by Inventors Tyler and Ryan Skiles. These new vendors will craft team-colored versions of the standard issue battle pets for your race.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MID-FI REG AND APEXION GEAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the start of Season 3, players will no longer need to find Mid-Level Silver or Gold ratings in order to gear up for Mists of Pandaria Raid Finder content. The in-progress raid for which you need to find these ratings is now available. Look for the Season 3 Mid-Level rating preview that will appear once you become a Premium member, and/or become eligible for a trial account.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW PVP BRAWLING STYLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players that-while-away from the server-need not apply. [This applies retroactively to characters that were online before Patch 7.0.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KARAZHAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Nightbane's Charred Earth ability has been fixed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEMPEST KEEP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas Sunstrider's Fiery Speed has been increased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas' Fear now has a brief countdown before it is cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Scorching Breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Astral Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Collapsing Void Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Broken Slicer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Vortex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Nether Vortex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Destructive Reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Mortal Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfire Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall/Shadowflame Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall/Shadowflame Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now deals less damage with his Starfall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Kael'thas now suffers less from his own damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Morrowgrain to Smelting Bronze now increases the amount of the new low-level spells Consume instead of Decrease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Consume now consumes a maximum of 5 stacks of Consume, and stacks up to 50 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The new stack size is now 25 stacks for Consume, up from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for Consume is now available from Grand Conjuror Valanar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rare creatures in many of the higher level outdoor quests will no longer evade when engaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The model used for mounted characters has been updated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many creatures that were awarding a bonus to a secondary stat now properly award a bonus to another stat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rewards from quests will now properly increase for players above a certain level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Random property items will now spawn in random ranges when picked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shapeshifting should no longer be ineffective when crowd control is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spirit-based class specific quests will no longer reset when a character is class swapped.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES: GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Newly Released Texts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Read through the newly released Legion Season 1 Championship Patch Notes and you can learn a great deal more about the upcoming season of World Quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get to know some new characters and new adventures as you take the fight to the undead hordes that threaten the Burning Crusade capital cities!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Continue your journey in the Warfront arena or take the fight directly to their doorstep in Molten Core \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 both available in Heroic and Mythic difficulty \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 by tackling the most difficult World Quests yet!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW CHARACTER MODELS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druid: [Heart of the Wild] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Stacks of this item now stack to 20.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter: [Deterrence] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 While you are stunned, the target of your next [Silence] effect is now immune to movement impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mage: [Polymorph] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Cooldown reduced to 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest: [Holy Light] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This spell has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue: [Adrenaline Rush] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Cooldown reduced to 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman: [Totem of Wrath] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Cooldown reduced to 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock: [Harvest Life]: [Curse of the Elements] and [Curse of the Dead] reduced to 10-second durations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EVENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Completing the Wrath of the Lich King] Daily Bonus Event no longer generates Dungeon Loot for Wrath of the Lich King dungeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lights, Camera, Bacon]: These mounts now have their own unique sound when engaged in combat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACCOUNT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an account-wide chat issue that was affecting players when the Shift key was bound to enter chat mode.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an exploit players were using with the [Frostbrand Weapon] enchantment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SETHEKK HALLS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Time-Lost Controllers no longer remove buffs from players who are charmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an exploit involving Life Tap being usable on raid bosses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug with the [Seal of Wodan] where the tooltip was incorrect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOW LABYRINTH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer flank through the Satyr's Satyr Totem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Shadow Bolt] spell no longer chases the enemy plane in front of the enemy, resulting in a decrease in damage dealt and a decrease in threat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOW LABYRINTH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Satyr's Satyr's Lightning Shock will no longer hit targets further than indicated on the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug with the [Lightning Overload] talent, where the Lightning Shock was causing additional threat than stated in the tooltip. Also corrected a bug where damage was being added to the Lightning Overload effect on a pet before the cooldown was removed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOW LABYRINTH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Satyr's Satyr's Lightning Shock will no longer hit targets further than indicated on the tooltip.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCHINDOUN: SHADOW LABYRINTH}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Damage of the [Lightning Overload] talent has been increased by 200%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cooldown on the Lightning Overload talent has been increased to 25 seconds, up from 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Lightning Overload effect of the [Seal of Wodan] has been changed to increase damage by 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip for the [Grimoire of Sacrifice] talent has been clarified to indicate it increases damage by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The threat transfer granted by the [Guarded Secret] talent has been reduced by 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The threat transfer granted by the [Seal of Wodan] talent has been increased to 25 seconds, up from 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip for the [Seal of Wodan] talent has been clarified to indicate it decreases damage taken by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip for the [Festering Secret] talent has been clarified to indicate it applies its effects in addition to the current effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Wodan]: The movement impairing portion of this ability has been increased to 5 seconds, up from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Enduring Secretions] now also increases the damage of [Mortal Strike] by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pestilence] now also applies a 30-second snare to nearby enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Endless Winter] now additionally causes [Mana Feed] to reduce the mana cost of all spells by 25/50% for 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW TWITTER UPDATES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For those experiencing technical difficulties with the iOS client, we've made some improvements to Twitter. These changes should alleviate some of the confusion caused by recent iOS updates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To use the new interface, go to Settings > Social and then select any follower. From there, you can set custom followers on others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For additional notes on development, please visit the http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=36975623&sid=1.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Additionally, we've made some behind the scenes changes to make accessing the API smoother. These include:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Making sure all IDs are unique. This prevents some exploits involving roundtripping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Making sure all IDs are properly removed after an event. This prevents some players from being removed incorrectly due to age restrictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Making sure all names are unique. This prevents some players from being added to an account that has more than one name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Adding multiple followers does not stack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARCRAFT: THE MOVIE: THE GAME: THE MOVIE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide a more compelling reason to play the game, in WarCraft: The Movie: The Movie Player Characters Are Mangled, Players May Now Only Pick Up One Letter at a Time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the popularity of the "I'm not a mob boss, I'm a hero!" sentiment, portrait frames have been reworked and now feature a simplified version of the Human Illusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide a more compelling reason to play the game, in WarCraft: The Movie: The Movie Mode, You May Now Only Be Selected As a Friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * An emoticon has been added to the game with limited usage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PET BATTLE DUNGEON: IRON DOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new Pet Battle Dungeon has been added to the Iron Docks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players may now select an Immaculate, Critter, or Battle Pet in the Pet Battle Dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * An Immaculate Battle Pet is obtained upon being killed in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battle Pets summoned by Repair Bots now always have the same stats as their non-battle pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Non-battle pets are no longer limited to one location in their pool of summoned pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Constructed Trueshot Battle Pets may now be battled in Pet Battle Dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Non-combat pets are no longer limited to one location in their pool of summoned pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In Pet Battle Dungeon, you may queue up to 10 battle pets from a single Battle Pet Battle Dungeon ticket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Randomizing an arena battle is now possible, and you can now randomly select an arena battle for up to 10 pets from a single list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Randomizing an arena battle has never failed you before a random team of 12 vies for your Battle Pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now attack other players in the Pet Battle Dungeon while your own pet is engaged in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Team members can be pulled out into the world if you are offline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now shift-click on a pet portrait to summon that pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now summon a random pet from the Pet Battle Dungeon queue. Random Summon: This feature only works for you, your party, and your own summoned pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now raid as a group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now raid as a group or solo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now raid as a group without a flag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now target other players by clicking their name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now target other players by clicking their name again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now group with other raid groups.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now group with other raid groups without a flag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now target people with all of your spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You no longer lose the Silithyst when switching zones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You no longer freeze when you eat or drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets no longer get stuck when you take them out of combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets no longer get stuck when you take them out of combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Languages other than English will be removed after a wipe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARCRAFT: THE MOVIE: THE GAME}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In order to provide better service to our players, we've removed all Honor Points and converted them into Title Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All spells that require a Focus component have been adjusted to cost less Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlocks can now only have one Candid Camera view on at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In Pet Battle Dungeon, the PvP slider is now off by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You no longer receive bonus Honor if your pet is on the same team as you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In Pet Battle Dungeon, the current active target will be displayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pet Battle Dungeon no longer autosize to party members unless the Warlocks manually disabled this feature via Auto Attack or Pet Battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In Pet Battle Dungeon, the current target will be displayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Party members can now click on the name of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blink] now costs 10 Energy, plus 10 Energy per second for 10 seconds after Blink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Phantom Void] now has a duration of 3 seconds (was 2 seconds), and can no longer be cast while in Shadow Dance or during [Subtlety] (required talent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Phantom Void can now only be cast while in Shadow Dance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seed of Corruption] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadowfury] damage has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soulshatter] damage has been increased by 130%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] healing has been increased by 30%, and damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Backstab] now reduces the cost of [Riposte] by 2 (was 1).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Garrote] now reduces the cooldown of [Garrote] by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Molotov] now reduces the cooldown of [Molotov] by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Pestilence] now reduces the cooldown of [Pestilence] by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadow Dance] has been redesigned. Instead of reducing the cooldown of [Shadow Dance], this glyph now reduces the cooldown of [Shadow Dance] by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sprint] has been redesigned. This glyph reduces the duration of [Sprint] by 33 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Tricks of the Trade] now reduces the duration of [Tricks of the Trade] by 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Trip] has been redesigned. This glyph reduces the duration of [Trip] by 33 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trinket] bonus to [Defensive Stance]'s effect has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Death Ray]'s periodic damage has been reduced by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Lightning Generator] bonus to Electrical Damage has been reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Man-Axe] bonus to Physical Damage has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Mutant Hand Cannon]'s damage has been increased by 16%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Poison Bomb] periodic damage has been reduced by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Short Throw] now causes [Pestilence] to deal 15% increased damage and [Slam] to deal 15% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Survival Knife]'s bleed damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Stormcaller] bonus to [Chain Heal] and [Mana Burn] now affect the entire team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gnomish Survival Rifle]'s bleed damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Monomite Bomb]'s periodic damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Razorlash Root]'s bleed damage has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Safari Hat]'s effects have been modified to better fit the current Hotfixes and their functionality has been improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Talisman of the Master Assassin] now reduces all damage taken by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Talisman of Wrathguard] now reduces all damage taken by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wand Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wand Specialization: Multistrike] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Macros and Lua changes please visit the Lua & XML forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Macros and XML changes please visit the X Rebirth & Lua & Macros forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Macros and XML changes please visit the New Feature Announcements forum}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bell of Enraging Resonance] can now trigger from any damage spell instead of only critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Daybreaker Helm] stats have been reallocated, lowering Strength and increasing parry rating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fury of Angerforge] internal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARTIFACT WEAPONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Recuperate] now adds 2 seconds to the duration of [Recuperate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Tarifical Power] now adds 8 seconds to the periodic damage effect of [Tarifical Power].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Thunderstrike] now adds 3/6 seconds to the duration of the raid's Concussion effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Vilefiend's] now adds 3/6 seconds to the Vilefiend's Glacial Spike stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Wild Growth Retrigger] is now a Tier 5 ability, replacing [Glyph of Mangle] that was previously a Tier 4 ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wild Growth] now makes the Wild Growth heal-over-time effect stick to the target, but the heal is no longer instant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Hurricane] no longer adds to the physical damage of Hurricane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Glyph: [Glyph of Hurricane]: Allows Hurricane damage to be reflected or reflected back at the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wild Growth now has a 50/100% chance to root in place of shaking hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Wrath] now increases damage done by [Wrath] by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Shred has been renamed [Glyph of Shred], and now allows [Rip] to be used while stunned, and the ability will remain in place of [Mangle] for 11 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Swiftness] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Shred, which increases [Rip] cooldown to 25 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wild Growth now has a 50/100% chance to root in place of shaking hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Urthon] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Shred, which increases the duration of Rip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Wild Growth Retrigger] is now a Tier 5 ability, replacing [Glyph of Mangle] that was previously a Tier 4 ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hurricane] now has a 10 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Urthon] has been removed and replaced with Glyph of Havoc, which decreases the cooldown of [Unholy Blight] by an additional 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New [Glyph of Shred] has been added: [Glyph of Shred]. This glyph allows for the Shred ability to be used while stunned, and the ability will remain in place of [Mangle] for 11 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wild Growth now has a 50/100% chance to root in place of shaking hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New [Glyph of Shred] has been added: [Glyph of Shred]. This glyph allows for the Shred ability to be used while stunned, and the ability will remain in place of [Mangle] for 11 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Wild Growth Retrigger] is now a Tier 5 ability, replacing [Glyph of Shred].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Divine Intervention] now additionally increases all damage dealt by [Seal of Insight] by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [aspects] now lasts until cancelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [beacon of light] heals based on the current phase of the fight (including before and after the Cabal Assassin was pulled off the arena exit).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [chakra] now persists through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [sheath of light] now automatically applies its damage absorb shield for the next healing spell cast if cast on a target that has 4 or less health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [heal] no longer has a target lock, but will return an "uncollectible" target for Guardian and Blood of the Martyr.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [martyrdom] no longer has a target lock, but will return an "uncollectible" target for the next three strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [role of the ascendant] will now display correctly in the Combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [sacred vision] no longer has a target lock, but will return an "uncollectible" target for Blessing of Kings and Divine Light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [the finest military material] no longer has a target lock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SO FASTENED!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're pleased to announce that so-called "fasteners" will soon be fastened to virtually every item in the game, making it virtually impossible, if not impossible, to lose them all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've consulted with an engineer who \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CBlackout\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u157\'9D anvils \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Ccause he can.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PURCHASSE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FOR ALL RACES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming soon to a Nintendo eShop near you: the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CPurse of the Kindred\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u157\'9D ability.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSIC RAID GROUPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you looking for an exciting new group to join for the holidays? Wondering what the fuss is all about? Want to get to know your dungeon group better? Want to find out more about our plans for the future? Then check out our article on special holidays.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WAR CAMPAIGN: OPENS EVERY JEWEL CUSTOMER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Join a raid of 10-30 adventurers and you can receive cuff links that can be used to unlock various story missions, new raids, and more! Of course, this raid-style experience is not available yet for this patch. Check out the patch notes for an update on how it will work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: APPEAR ONLINE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you log out of World of Warcraft, you'll see an overlay that shows all of your teammates and you can be sure that everyone will be getting a link when they visit your profile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: GI JEWEL CUSTOMER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create and customize a pair of cufflinks with the ability to appear on any World of Warcraft World Boss. Available in Black, Grey, and Gold. Notify your friends about the new addition by sending them the Raid Finder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: HEARTHSTONE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearthstone is a new collectible item that can be purchased with gold from Gallywix in Dalaran. It's impossible to get, but surely it'll turn out well for all involved!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: IRON TRIANGLE OPTIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you're ready to strike, you can now right-click any World Boss to place an item of Shinyium Magnets to make it happen. Think about it: placing an item of Shinyium Magnets to a World Boss is, indeed, an experience-enhancing action!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: MOUNTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now available are the ability to wear special mounts in your off-duty outfits. While in one of the game's three racial archetypes (Human, Orc, or Tauren), you'll be able to represent your faction in the Mount or Stand Up specializations. You can learn more about these new options in our recent forum post.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: FOOTNOTES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now when you're standing on one of eight special platforms above the ground, you can emit a powerful signal that appears above the heads of all players in the area, telling them that you're fine and are back at work. Affects Battle for Azeroth and Battle for Gilneas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: HALLOW'S END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're thrilled at the reception this event has received. Not only have we had many requests for this endgame endgame gear, but many players have been incredibly kind and generous with their suggestions of which unique alternate methods they might use to get to Halloween's end. In addition to all of the above, there's been a special Halloween event in Stormwind this last weekend that involved trick-or-treating. Thanks!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All spells/abilities that remove existing effects will now confirm their removal once the game begins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Drain Soul gem has been changed to reduce the soul-eating requirement for Abomination's Seismic Blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blessing of Freedom will now work for Runic Power in addition to other mana-based buffs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blessing of Freedom will no longer remove Fear effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blessing of Freedom now only reduces physical damage taken by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Abomination's Seismic Blade now has a 2.0-second cast time and casts automatically on the first tick of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There's been a change to the interface speed when using a fast travel type (see World of Warcraft: Speed).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druids now have 100% movement speed while in Bear Form, Cat Form, or Dire Bear Form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Moonkin Form's absorption effect has been reduced to 10% of the attacker's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dire Bear Form's passive effect has been reduced to giving it a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Lion's Fury has been redesigned. It's now a Physical-only passive, and increases the damage of the next physical attack by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shapeshifting will now dispel all snare effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dire Bear Form's movement speed increase now lasts 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heart of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level-60 Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Chaos Bolt] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Chaos Bolt now instantly generates 1 Soul Shard. The damage of the attack has been reduced by the Arcane Charge's cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Nether Gate] now costs 30 Pain (was 50 Pain).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rupture] now costs 30 Pain (was 20 Pain).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Chaos Bolt] has been replaced by Glyph of Infernal Bite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Infernal Bite]: This glyph causes the Glyph of Chaos Bolt to also affect the damage of Infernal Bite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Siphon Life] has been replaced by Glyph of Siphon Life Tap, which reduces the cooldown of Siphon Life by 7 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Siphon Mana] has been replaced by Glyph of Siphon Mana Tap, which reduces the cooldown of Siphon Life by 7 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor] has been replaced by Glyph of Sunder Armor, which reduces the cooldown of Sunder Armor by 7 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Vigor] now increases the healing bonus from [Vigor] by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Wild Strike] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Wild Strike]: Removing harmful effects with this glyph reduces the remaining cooldown on Wild Strike by 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Cataclysm] has been replaced with Glyph of Eternal Rest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Eternal Rest]: Removing harmful effects with this glyph reduces the remaining cooldown on [Corruption] by 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Siphon Life]: This glyph allows Siphon Life to be used while in [Eradication] or [Seed of Corruption] active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ravenous Hydra] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Thunder Clap] now deals 125% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Whirlwind] now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Rallying Cry] is a new talent that replaces [Call of the Grave] for Protection Warriors. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Rallying Cry]: Reduces the cooldown of [Revenge] by 30 seconds, and causes your next Heroic Strike or [Overpower] to deal 100% additional damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Warrior Bug Fixes }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Charge] should no longer allow [Mortal Strike] to be auto-reached without breaking a target's focus flow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Safeguard] should no longer allow a target to push the Warrior out of a shapeshift form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * We've added dozens of new recipes, some of which are available from the Jewelcrafting profession. Jewelcrafters can find the recipe for the [Celestial Alignment Catalyst] in the Celestial Trading District.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several new epic items are available from the Terokkar Forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players may now find the recipe for the epic cloak needed to wear in Whispers of the Old Gods (found in Pandaria and select realms) at the end of one of the Lost Rallens on Azeroth. The cloak can be disenchanted and can be used once for the player's entire party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for the legendary caster's trident, the Staff of Prehistoria, can be purchased from Skyfall Jewelcrafters in Dalaran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * One new epic recipe is available from Grand Master Gladiators Klotharis and his associates, the [Reins of the Black War Tiger]. This recipe requires the purchasing of the [Proof of the Beast Within] buff, which can only be obtained by defeating Gruul on Raid Finder difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for a pair of pants crafted by Chef Kuo-Ki in Undercity, crafted by Chef Kuo-Ki himself, is no longer soulbound. Players can sell these pants to Nalak the Untamed in Undercity for a [Valor Points] bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In order to assist with the transition from Cataclysm to Firelands, players will no longer have access to the [First Aid Kit].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COOKING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new recipe to make [Frozen Treats] is available from Nalak the Untamed in Undercity. Using this recipe, players can make 3-8 [Frozen Treats] at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the cooking classes, the [Fireball] and [Pyroblast] recipes have been removed from the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENGINEERING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New recipes are available from the Thrallmar Quartermaster, Ryan Stonebinder in Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineers can now find and complete a new recipe to craft [Fused Wiring] that can be used to craft an [Ultimate Charger] for Engineers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Mechanical Dragonling]'s speed has been increased, and it can now be pulled off of Engineers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineers can now learn the schematic for the [Overpowered] rifle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Infinite Grenade] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineering classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Empty Grenade] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Ejector Gel] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Ejector Tube] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Ejector Tube] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the [Ignite Grenade] recipe now creates an [Ejector Tube] when used, and also reduces the cooldown of [Explosive Trap] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Overpowered] rifle has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Cobra-Forged Seals] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Gouge Kit] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Wound Poison] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Mote O' Damage] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Explosive Trap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the schematic for the [Explosive Trap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In an effort to provide more options to the engineer classes, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blessed Life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many powerful magical spells have benefited from the talents granted by the Temple of Atal'Hakkar. Atal'Hakkar has blessed the world with several types of mana potions, which have allowed mages to obtain and use high-end gems in their native currency. Many of these new high-level potions are unique to each player, however they should still be usable by all mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level requirement for the [Frostbrand Weapon] quest in Western Plaguelands has been adjusted to 25.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mage Armor] should now provide the proper benefit from the [Invisibility Potion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Some high-level gems have been placed in amber since they are no longer needed in the current meta-game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many new unique items can be created through the item synthesis dialog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a "for sale" price to all gems used in the item synthesis process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added an item number field to the item synthesis dialog, allowing players to easily identify gems used in item synthesis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Support for VR games should be fully functional once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PET BATTLES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PET BATTLE DUNGEON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Battle Pet Battles are now available on the Timeless Isle, per the Timeless Obelisk. A quest now asks players to find Pet Battle duels to challenge in an arena near their faction's respective beachhead. No battle pet is required to enter the Timeless Arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    DETAILS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Honor System }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Players now have the option to accept or decline a quest when accepting a quest at an arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    TALENTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Warlocks now have a new passive ability, [Mortal Coil], available at level 42. This ability causes the Warlock's damage-over-time spells to deal the same amount of damage as if the Warlock had both Molten Core and Blood Pact active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BRAWLER'S GUILD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Players now earn all armor and weapons as they would for playing arena football.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    MOUNTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    You can now earn up to four MOUNTS as vanity items. Four MOUNTS can be earned from a single victory point, and all four can be placed in a vanity slot directly after an existing vanity item. Three of the four new vanity items can be purchased from the Appearance Collection, and three of them can be purchased from the in-game auction house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    TRADE SKILLS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    All Hunter pets have had one or more new trade skills that can be learned by mixing and matching pets from various hunter professions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BATTLE PETS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Battle Pet Suits will now distinguish themselves visually from their non-combat pets when fighting other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    FIGHTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The system has been modified to allow for a greater variety of itemization for the Hunter and the Paladin. In addition, many non-combat pets have been changed to battle pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BATTLE PET ABILITIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Non-combat pets have a wide variety of abilities, but hunters and paladins can use a limited number of abilities. The list of abilities that can be learned by a given pet can be found on the pet trainer's monitor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    FIGHTING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    A new interface has been added to the in-game Fights tab. This new interface offers players the chance to earn any available battle pet mount by engaging in a one-hour time-restricted daily quest, similar to the Pet Battle Challenge system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Honor System }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Players now have the opportunity to earn all the honor based on a single victory point in Arenas. Silver, Gold, and Epic quality wins provide additional honor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP Rewards }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Arena Grand Masters and Prestige Rewards are now account-wide. Players will display their rank in the honor UI now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP Vendor Bundles }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Two new vendor bundles have been added to the in-game Shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Win a pair of new PvP trinkets that's hidden within the world of the Arena.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Win}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No JavaScript? We need that :(}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check us out on Twitter @OvertimeTV, on Vimeo at http://vimeo.com/user23918793, on iTunes at http://apple.co/1D7EhLj, on Stitcher at http://bit.ly/1uQi7FM, on Google Play Music at http://bit.ly/1uQG8ywT, on Website at http://bit.ly/1uQGtBJR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHOW NOTES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Additional languages will be added to the Middle East and Africa regions in future patches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Steam achievements will be applied retroactively to characters who have purchased the Deluxe version of the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE STORY OF BORDER CORNER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nearly two years have passed since the Alliance and the Horde laid siege to Hellfire Citadel \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 the heart of the Burning Legion's power \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 and the war that followed has seen the heroes of the Horde and Alliance enter a new phase of their conflict.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the war in eastern Plaguelands has seen great valor on the part of both sides, an equally great effort has been made to minimize casualties amongst the ranks of both factions. As such, the level of combat in the war has been gradually lowered over time \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 gradually opening the way for a possible future New Azeroth!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARKFRONT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The High Warlord Kil'jaeden has forged an accord with the Witch-King Azeroth to lead the way against the Legion. The Alliance has agreed to aid the war effort, while the Legion has been folded into the War on Terror. The two factions will now each lead a wing of a wing that will attack the enemy capital \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 the exact location of this new Nagrand raid dungeon has yet to be confirmed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NAGRAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagrand has been added to the game world as a fully-fledged zone with a number of new features, including an exclusive dungeon for Legion, a new chapter of the War on Terror expansion that is set in Nagrand, and a raid-style version of the raid dungeon, all of which can be attempted at level 80. In addition to the dungeon and raid sections, Nagrand also features a faction-based aspect, meaning players can visit their faction-based counterparts to obtain the requisite reputation to challenge them \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 all of these efforts will be at no additional cost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE LEGENDARY QUEST CONTINUES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Years after the events of the previous expansion, the Legion have breached the Nighthold and begun to explore the galaxy. In an effort to locate and rescue Nathaniel Garrosh, the heroes have managed to gather considerable resources, including the Orb of Deception, which promises to open a new chapter in the War on Terror. However, the Orb of Deception has a flaw \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 if the heroes are to discover the full extent of the Legion's reach, then vengeance will be too great a price to pay for victory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE LEGENDARY QUEST CONTINUES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Years have passed since the Nighthold's Guardians were last active, and the Legion have apparently reached the end of their destructive journey on Azeroth. With nothing to lose, the heroes have taken to colonizing the galaxy with a view to one day returning to reclaim our lost home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players may discover 3 new recipes that can be combined to create legendary items that can be used to directly upgrade a legendary item from the previous version of the expansion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players may discover 3 new recipes that can be combined to create legendary items that can be used to directly upgrade a legendary item from the previous version of the expansion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Legion legendary quest "Seekers' Wisdom" now offers a monetary reward for the quest, in addition to the standard reward for accomplishing the previous version of the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Purchasing a new item from the Auction House now has a confirmation dialogue to prevent accidental purchase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dispellable debuffs have been added to friendly nameplates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "+" from elite mobs UI elements has been improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All scroll views have been reorganized to a more clearly defined position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * It is now possible to scroll down the list of items available without first clicking through the item overview.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The radial menu option has been added to many item links.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The option to click through sorted items has been expanded to the right of an item link.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Selecting items with buy orders will now display a confirmation dialogue to confirm that you are picking the item for a specific player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many items that had multiple ranks of upgrade have been consolidated into the lowest rank upgrade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many items that temporarily increase damage have had their damage decreased upon acquiring the item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The spell haste debuff has been changed to apply to melee attacks as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now receive an error message if they try to apply multiple item links at once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Deadly Calm] (Artifact Trait) damage reduced by 8%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Felblade]'s movement speed bonus per blade has been increased to 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Cleave] damage increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overpower] damage increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Recklessness] now affects every target except the one who originally caused the Fear effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Blades] proc chance increased to 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Nova] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Safeguard] no longer removes movement-impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade] now has a 35-second cooldown (was 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Turn the Tables] (Artifact trait) now also increases the damage of your [Mortal Strike] and [Twist of Fate] abilities by 3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vendetta] now affects [Deadly Calm], [Felblade], [Mortal Strike], and [Thief's Bargain] by an additional 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Charge] now activates from any block, except block on special abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bladestorm] now lasts 40 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Trauma] now lasts 12 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gag Order] now applies to [Mortal Strike] and [Overpower] after 3 seconds of a target not responding to a damage spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gag Order] no longer removes the silence from [Deadly Calm].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gag Order] only removes damage-over-time effects that are broken by other effects that break on taking damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Last Stand] now lasts 12 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Last Stand] now also allows you to remove all stun effects while active, when used after dispelling a stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Focused Battle] no longer allows [Bladestorm] to break roots or snares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Last Stand] is now available to all Arms specialization specs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Withering Shots] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Withering Shots] is now an available passive ability for all Arms specialization tanks. It increases the damage of [Bladestorm] by 10%, and prevents the cooldown of [Withering Shots] by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Blow] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Overwhelming Denial] no longer adds 2% damage to [Raging Blow].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance] now passively causes Last Stand to reduce the global cooldown of [Raging Blow] by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Charge] no longer has a maximum range (was 100 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Preparation] no longer requires the Warrior to be in [Shield Block] or [Defensive Stance].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rend] now hits at 5/10/15% weapon damage (was 10/20/30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Revenge] damage has been increased by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unrelenting Assault] no longer has a 3 second cooldown (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer] now also grants 5% damage for every 10 Fury generated. This damage was previously unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Shot] no longer has a prerequisite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blind] is now a 3-point talent, replacing [Detect Magic].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Fade]: This glyph allows for the Paladin to cast [Flash of Light] on the part of the target that is being afflicted by [Fade] while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Purify]: This glyph allows for the Paladin to remove all negative effects from the target while under the effects of [Mesmerize].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       SHADOW CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shadow priests had one large problem toward the end of Mists of Pandaria: single-target damage. Their AoE and multi-DoT damage was some of the best around, so they still ended up competitive on most fights. But, in any fight that was mostly single-target, they felt lacking. Additionally, one of the new stats we're adding in Warlords of Draenor, Multistrike, is almost exactly what their current Mastery, [Shadowy Recall], does for DoTs. So, we took these two problems and came up with a change that we think will solve both of them. The result is a new Mastery: Shadowy Recall, a new Mastery for Shadow Priests that primarily increases the single-target portion of their DoTs but also works well for multistrikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] has been replaced with [Silence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] now costs 30 Energy in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now deal 15% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Of course, in an ideal world, all three stats would go into zero when Void Tendrils or Void Ebbers are destroyed, leaving only 3 active stats. That's why we buffed both of these abilities, and why we removed the 3rd ability altogether. However, in practice, it's not that simple. Sometimes destroying a tank's primary target means that that target doesn't get affected by our defensive stats, and those that are not tanking generally do not benefit from that destruction. Therefore, we buffed them differently. This will allow more tanks to benefit from these stats, and still will, but will not defeat the point of destroying secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Summon Darkglare] now lasts 8 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkglare]'s damage has been increased by 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] no longer removes movement-impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now deals 105% of weapon damage (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now deals 75% of weapon damage (was 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blinding Light] now has a 3-second duration (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Death] now deals 125% of weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] now deals 85% of its damage in a 3-second period (was 90%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now deals 110% of weapon damage (was 85%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now deals 85% of its damage in a 3-second period (was 90%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now deals 100% of its damage in a 3-second period (was 92%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now deals 90% of its damage in a 3-second period (was 98%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seed of Corruption] now deals 85% of its damage in a 3-second period (was 88%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Imp] now deals 75% of its damage in a 2.5 second period (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Imp \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u194\'C2\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Imp's Mastery, [Aggression Aura], has been replaced with a new passive ability, [Mend Pet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mend Pet] now heals the Imp for 15% of its maximum health when it is affected}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from Ulduar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Secret Flame Beds have been added to all Secret Flame Beds in the dungeon for players that have discovered the secret to sleeping dogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ulduar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new alt character can now be created for free by anyone in the raid by visiting Halaani's grave in the Cathedral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Alt characters now share an account lockout that prevents them from logging into the account of another player on the account on which they sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Raid Profiles now allow players to make raid groups easily accessible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There is now a Trash pull in the Heroic version of the Ulduar raid dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The picture frames in the Mount and Pet Journal will now display when a character is mounted to the correct view angle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players now receive a 10% discount at Honorable Kills when buying a mount from Priorities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players now receive a 10% discount at Honorable Kills when buying a mount from Writ of Justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * NPCs in the Scarlet Monastery will now properly display their Truefaith buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honorable Kills are now awarded in weekly intervals, based on the behavior of the fight in question. For example, while a tank is stunned on a boss encounter, the kill streak will not end for the week until 1-10 (10-point) worth of tanking occurs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Non-boss enemies will no longer get bonus damage from being tanked by another player if the other player is standing directly behind the non-boss enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Tanks will no longer get bonus damage from being hit by another player while they are standing on top of a particular object.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Standing on top of an object will cause unintended invincibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Clients can no longer be resized to go into a fullscreen experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The stacking of multiple AOE effects creates a single, massive wave that breaks the illusion of a long flight path}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer disconnect while in flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players in hovercraft form will no longer appear as though they are floating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer become partially transparent while in any way not normally transparent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players in hovercraft form can no longer leap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can no longer swim while riding any type of vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wind turbines now generate their own heat, unlike steam turbines which automatically heat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Changing armor sets while in any non-combat stance will now cause an immediate error message and be removed if the armor set changes are not accepted within 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Putting out fires while having an encounter open will now cause the player to be properly warned of impending combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players are no longer able to tell whether an NPC is being attacked by intruders by pointing their camera at them, or scanning the surrounding area for intruders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stacking multiple On Use items in a single transaction will no longer cause the transaction log to show items used up to that point in the status column, but up to that point in the transaction log nothing will happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Stacking multiple On Use items in a single transaction will no longer cause the player to be properly warned of impending combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Damage dealt will no longer cause a cooldown for a player to receive retribution messages from intruders in their own home realms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Cooperation of cities, towns and villages will no longer be required for certain trades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Implemented a new weather system, WorldWeather.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new loading screen has been added to the world in which players can select a starting location for a new zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new loading screen has been added to the world after having completed a quest in which the party/raid will be split up into two separate groups. One group will travel to the starting location of the zone, while the other will travel to an objective located in the zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Flying Bear] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Sky Golem] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new flying mount has been added, called [Sky Wash] for short.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to unlock the Griffon and Sky Golem mounts upon completion of the quest by showing the appropriate amount of favor required.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several flying mounts will now start with a duration of one hour and a cooldown of five minutes, matching the standard duration of the corresponding mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Griffon and Sky Golem mounts can now be purchased from Inari at their full vendor price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Inari will now properly restock on purchased items in 10-minute intervals instead of 30-minute intervals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer get an error message while using a Stampeding Roar to apply a color change to an item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The item [Skyshatter Helm] will now properly display its name when purchased by a vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE OF MOUNT HYJAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Szook's Inferno now properly has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The buff located at the Black Dragon's Foot can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Piltover Orbs can no longer be destroyed by spells after they're spawned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The locations of the oracle spells Horsemen of the Apocalypse and Horsemen of the Wardens should no longer be in error.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Roaming Gargoyles now show up more accurately in the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ancient Hyjal is now a more visually appealing place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Auchenai Death-Speakers and Keepers of the Pack have been retuned slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Wild-Ass-It-Up Gnomes are now slightly more likely to use the item "That thing with the arrow on the top" as a verb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker Monk retuned slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battle of Mount Hyjal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker Monks will no longer sleep through their attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rising Flames have been added to the Battle of Mount Hyjal banner when the faction has won the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Daily Battleground quests have been added to allow players with the appropriate Battleground patches to queue for the next week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds will once again be available for players on the Random Battlegrounds Server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * An option has been added to allow raiders to join a random Battleground, provided that they are together at the time of the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This option can be found by typing "/random" into chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Option 3 for Random Battlegrounds: Random Battlegrounds Server selected automatically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For a list of changes that have occurred with regards to Random Battlegrounds, please visit the http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=36975623&sid=1.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlemaps can now be used for zone names longer than 200 characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added metric units for display in raid windows (Optional).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added an option to allow entering raid names in auto-complete form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Auto-complete form can be found by typing /console auto_complete_name in chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * This option can be enabled in the Interface Options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added tabs for finding/finding enemies/kicking/clicking (Optional).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now modify their own unique unit frames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spell Haste: Spell Haste now has a new, more powerful spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unit Frames}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Units now display across the top of the frame like a mini map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Magic effects now display across the top of the frame like a mini map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Buffs and Debuffs now display across the top of the frame like a mini map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You now get a new "Player" frame whenever a party member is healed. This is only usable for party members and not raid members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unit frames are now in fullscreen mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you shift-click on an item link while you are harvesting mineral nodes, the item link will now display in the field of your loot instead of the auction house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mineral nodes will display in green when you are harvesting them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You now get a new "Accept" dialog box when you mouse-over a trade goods or purchase item from an auction house. The Accept window has only been modified to accept items from the "M" channel, and will accept all item links from that channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The zone name now shows up in the gamefield and in the raidfield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Guild tabards now display across the top of the frame like a guild tabard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WORLD ENVIRONMENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dragon Soul should now be displaying the correct spells while you are a part of an anti-magic zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Wind Serpents are now properly immune to bleed effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Serpents summoned by Crackling Flames now properly have a larger radius.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fried Mechazosts will no longer sit on the entities that summon them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added native support for Intel Macs running OS X 10.4.8 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved video hardware detection and correction, especially with Intel video.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Vertex Animation Shaders have been disabled for systems with Intel video.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved video shader based vertex animation support for TrueType}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Blind] now cancels combat if it is engaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cloak of Shadows] duration has been increased to 5 seconds, and bonus damage has been added to that duration, as well as a brief invincibility effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dampen Harm] will now affect all damage that is not caused by you or your pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Envenom] will now automatically eat any critters to which you have sneak or challenge range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fan of Knives] duration has been increased to 4 seconds, but now only applies the first stack of Fan of Knives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Freezing Trap] no longer has a target lock; once established, it will not allow you to go below 20% health until the effect wears off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Freezing Trap] is no longer subject to diminishing returns when used on multiple targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunter's Mark] duration has been increased to 12 seconds, up from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter's Mark will no longer mark targets that are immune to critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunter's Mark] now ignores 35% of a hostile player's armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Intimidating Roar] now has a duration of 3 seconds, down from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mark of the Wild] now has a duration of 8 seconds, down from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Misdirection] now has a duration of 3 seconds, down from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Misdirection] can no longer be used to move yourself to an enemy's location.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot] now has a 10% reduced chance to activate Occuendo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Volley] (Subtlety) has been moved to Tier 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Damage bonus increased to 80%, and no longer increases Arcane damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Now deals 4% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Beast Cleave] now deals 275% Physical damage, up from 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Marksman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Explosive Shot] now deals 450% increased damage against shielded targets, up from 350%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mastery: Multistrike] has been reduced to 3 ranks, reducing the physical damage bonus by 12%. For Marksman hunters, this results in a net increase in damage per mark (resulting in no change to tooltip damage per mark) and an increase in damage overall. For those keeping score at home, that is a 2.5% increase in damage per rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aimed Shot] damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Aspect of the Wild] increases ranged attack power by 10% for all hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dismiss Pet] now ignores line of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Explosive Trap] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New spell: [Multi-Shot] (Level 12)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tame Beast] now tames pets of appropriate level, giving each tamed animal a chance to not despawn without resetting the entire instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Tame Beast] spell has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Tame Beast] spell has been re-tuned to not reset the entire instance if started while a new instance is active. That means that, for example, you can't start a Tame Beast while a Tame Beast is already active in the world; you would then be reseting all of the instances while you were in Tame Beast form).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you attempt to use [Tame Beast] while an existing instance is active, you will leave that instance and use that instance's functionality instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you cast [Tame Beast] while in an instance that's been created but not used, you will leave that instance and use that instance's functionality instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A bug in which you were unable to stack thermal traps has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fishing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The food which players catch will now display more clearly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast-Clawing is no longer allowed on safe, preferred, or otherwise preferred difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You are no longer able to reset the difficulty loss due to gear adjustments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can no longer reset the hunting difficulty gained/lost via the difficulty slider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can no longer reset the "last man standing" bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can no longer reset the chance to receive a bonus for a kill that was never}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Priests of the Shifting Sands may now be summoned via the summon portal in Dalaran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Death] has a new sound effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shadow priest spells that target one or more enemies now generate additional threat when cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] will no longer hit targets that are crowd-controlled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] will no longer hit Trueshot Aura targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Spike] is now an instant cast spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Psychic Scream] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] no longer suppresses movement speed or prevents the death of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Twist of Fate] now cancels [Fatebringer] when cast on a target with [Corruption].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] will no longer hit Trueshot Aura targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] no longer suppresses movement speed or prevents the death of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Devouring Plague] now reduces its cooldown by 2 minutes, down from 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Intimidating Shout] now roots the target instead of stunning them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Atonement now has the correct healing range listed in the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blessed Resilience rank 1 and 2 tooltips are now consistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by [Dispersion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Holy Concentration correctly reduces the mana cost of [Holy Concentration].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire no longer consumes its effect after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Inner Fire now consumes a charge of Holy Concentration after casting [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogues shouldn't lose auras if they flip out of a portal while under the effects of [Shroud of Conquest].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Invisible and 'Polymorph-ee' rogues shouldn't be able to use the [Subtlety] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sneed Venom, Scent of Blood, Scent of Blood, and Wing Clip all have Idle Blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mara, the Imbued with Blood, can no longer be targeted using [Polymorph].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Luminous Runeblade now correctly grants 12% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Subterfuge's blade movement increase}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire Elemental}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ascendance] now causes the character to soar into the air, inflicting damage and granting a combo point for landing a critical Fire spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Astral Communion] now increases the range of [Elemental Blast], [Flame Shock], [Frost Shock], and [Lava Burst] by 15/30 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Astral Storm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Atomic Empowerment] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Fire Nova] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lava Lash] is now available in all Arcane disciplines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Overload] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Magnetic Field] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Core] now requires [Elemental Blast] and [Flametongue] to be present in order to activate the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pyroblast] is now available in all Arcane disciplines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rain of Fire] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rockbiter] is now available in all Arcane disciplines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Searing Totem] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elemental Mastery] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elemental Sanctuary] now reduces all damage taken by 20%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elemental Precision] now reduces all damage taken by 20%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elemental Surge] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue Weapon] is now a Superior quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostbrand Weapon] is now a Superior quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heavy Netherweave Bandage] is now a 1-handed item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heavy Netherweave Bandage] has been redesigned. It now reduces all damage taken by 20%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Netherweave Bandage] now causes all damage taken to be reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steelbook Weapon] is now a Superior quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thunder Capacitor] is now a Superior quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vibro Dagger] is now a Superior quality item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The effect of the [Frostweave Bandage] is now considered direct damage instead of periodic damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Drums of Forgotten Kings]' sound effect has been heard and is now present in the combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Treants of Life] can now be looted even if the Garrote has been dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Treants of Purification] can now be looted even if the Garrote has been dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Vibro Dagger] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Windswept Hood] no longer has a targeting reticule and will no longer make the wearer invisible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items that enchant other items will no longer trigger from items that enchant other items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Flask of Air] has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pickpocket's Gloves] are now account bound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Diablo Stone] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Binding Coil of Sahj] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chromatic Girdle] has a new icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Renowned Guild Tabard] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Elementsium Chip]'s effect has been changed and is now a flat 10% increased block amount instead of a bonus of 10% per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Alchemist Stone] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Death Ray]'s effect has been changed and is now a flat 10% increased block amount instead of a bonus of 10% per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Lightning Rod]'s effect has been changed and is now a flat 10% increased block amount instead of a bonus of 10% per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Sonic Locator] is now a unique item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sforborne Pouch] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sforborne Pouch of Plenty] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sforborne Pouch of Plenty] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Sforborne Pouch of Scrap] now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Gladiator's Accolade now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Elementsium Chip]'s effect has been changed and is now a flat 10% increased block amount instead of a bonus of 10% per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Talon of Al'ar] now deals 450% Physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Earthen Raiment] and [Earthen Helmet] now affect [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cloak of Shadows] cooldown increased to 2 minutes (was 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Cloak] is now available to all Hunter specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Disengage] will now automatically prevent the use of [Steady Shot], [Cobra Shot], and [Explosive Shot] while [Shadow Dance] is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Distracting Shot] now only has one rank and costs 10 Focus (was 20 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Distracting Shot]: This ability now has a 50% chance to interrupt casting when used in conjunction with [Faerie Fire].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dust Cloud]'s duration has been increased to 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Freezing Trap] now has a 1 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunter's Mark] will now clear all negative effects on the target, including those caused by [Mind Flay].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kill Command]'s cooldown has been increased to 60 seconds (was 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Master's Call] now has a 1 second cast time (was a 1.5 second cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Trail of the Hunter] now follows standard AoE capping rules, and no longer affects area damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting] now has a 1 second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entangling Roots]'s duration has been increased to 8 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mass Entanglement] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bestial Wrath]'s physical damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Master of Elements] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Core] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Primal Fury] now increases physical damage by 12% (was 10%).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aftershocks] damage increased to 63% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Explosive Shot] now has a 1 second cast time (was a 1.5 second cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aftershock] now generates 12 Focus (was 20 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ebonbolt] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Firestarter] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flame On] now causes the Hunter's Fire spell to deal 15% increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lethal Shots] now reduces the physical damage taken of any harmful effect by 70% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Core] now only has one rank (was two ranks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pyroblast] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was a 1.7 second cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scorch] now generates 6 Focus (was 4 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival of the Fittest] now provides bonus damage against all types of targets, but increased damage against vulnerable targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survival Instincts] are no longer off the global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Survivalist] has been redesigned. It now reduces the global cooldown of your pet's abilities by 0.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Hunter's version of [Distracting Shot] now also reduces the target's movement speed by 50% for 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Multi-Shot] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was a 1.7 second cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tame Beast] now tames pets to match the hunter's level, rather than 3 levels below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tame Fey] now tames pets to match the hunter's level, rather than 3 levels below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tame Master] no longer reduces the cooldown of your [Multi-Shot], but instead reduces the cast time of your [Multi-Shot] by 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wolverine Shot] cast time reduced to 2.0 seconds (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting] now has a range of 40 yards (was 45 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This spell now has a 45% chance to stun the target, up from 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This spell now has a 50% chance to be cast on a non-player target, up from 40%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting] now has a range of 40 yards (was 45 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Summon Water Elemental] no longer usable outdoors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ardent Defender] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Avenger's Shield] now has a 6 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Azerite Traits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Blood] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Adversity] now applies to all attacks, not just physical attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Unbreakable Will] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Wave] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Light] now heals for 25% more, and casts [Holy Light] on 4 guests instead of 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Radiance] now heals for 25% more, and casts [Holy Radiance] on 4 guests instead of 3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Shock] is no longer a talent and is now available to all priests talent-users.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead] is a new spell available to Destruction warlocks and is available to all healing and damage spells. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Demonic Wards] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Demonic Wards now reduces all damage taken by 40%, not just physical damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Hand of Gul'dan] is now only available to Destruction warlocks and is available to all healing and damage spells. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now increases the damage dealt by [Drain Soul] by 10% instead of its previous effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Grimoire of Service] now summons a second demon for 25 seconds at the friendly target's location, and lasts for 15 seconds, up from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Ember Tap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Searing Pain] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Ascendance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Ember Tap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Searing Pain] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Burning Embers] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Soulshift] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Ascendance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Soul Swap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Binding Heal] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Penance] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Spirit Tap] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Resurrection] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Rolling Thunder] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Glyph of Sacred Shield has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Sacred Shield] now causes the Priest's [Penance] ability to also cleanse 1 harmful effect on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Shower of Light] no longer affects [Flash Heal].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shower of Light] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Sha] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Sha]: [Glyph of Light of Dawn] now causes the Priest's healing effect to also heal targets that are currently under the effects of Flash Heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Shadow] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By Bill Walker}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WASHINGTON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WASHINGTON D.C. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Today, April 2, 2015, marks the one-year anniversary of the Burning Crusade. The Burning Crusade was a massive success, earning Blizzard Entertainment\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8221\'94and subsequently, World of Warcraft\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8221\'94over 10 million unique players. Following the success of the Burning Crusade, Blizzard decided to take a fresh look at their Path of Exile system. They decided to change up the Order Lock system in Hearthstone, and added a fresh, new feature, Random Encrypted Matter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Random Encrypted Matter system is what makes the upcoming [Grand Unified Planets] unique. Grand Unified Planets is what makes all future expansions free-for-all, with each expansion requiring a unique lock to be obtained. As such, this plan was very important to us. Therefore, we're changing the system to allow players the chance to unify their Order Locks in one place, at anytime.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INTRODUCING RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We wanted to present an updated, more fun way for raiding with friends new and old. That's why we're introducing Raid Finder, a new system that lets you queue for and join a raid of any size for any content type, at a moment's notice. Not on the same day, but at a moment's notice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TRAVELING IS NOW A THING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the launch of Battle for Azeroth, we set out to make gearing your class or spec a little easier. To that end, we've made it so you don't need to grind through item level 1-10 to get the occasional item that might drop. You can now do all of the hard, time-consuming, role-specific work yourself, instead of having a team of people tell you what to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We're also pleased to announce that all 9-slot raid bags have been reduced to 5-slot configurations, so you can now take advantage of the reduced pricing we've seen with this new system. 5-slot systems are available for those raiding with four or more slots, 4-slot systems are available for those raiding with three or more slots, and 1-10 slot raid bags are available for those raiding with all of the required slots.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One major difference between this new system and the old system is that we've made it so you don't need to grind through item levels 1-10 to get items that might drop from random (non-boss) encounters. The end result is that you won't necessarily be broke if you drop an item in 10-slot (or even 1-10) RAID Finder (or any other random drop), but you won't be broke if you drop that same item in a normal raid either.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RAID GUILDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We've added the Riot Guard to the new Raid Finder (and the existing Raid Finder) as a means to reduce queue times. The Riot Guard can be found in the same raid frames as other raid-specific characters, but has a 100% chance to drop an item in Raid Finder difficulty (up from 50% chance).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 STORY AND WORLD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many changes have been made to the story behind the cataclysm world events: the invasion of Kalimdor, the rise of the Burning Legion, and the War Campaign. These world events have been overhauled to provide a smoother transition into the War Campaign.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NPC CHANGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many NPCs that are not supposed to be in the raid have been changed to appear in a raid, either by changing their color or their model. While this fixes an issue with previous patches, it also introduces an entirely new system of handling things in Raid Finder (which we call \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u732\'98Cruisin' the Truest) difficulty. This new system makes all NPCs relative no more 'forbidden fruit.'}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This world event also saw the addition of a new mechanic:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * All nearby players become invisible when [Cruisin' the Truesteel] is activated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mechanic works exactly like a [Collectronic Module], except with a twist: when activated, it also causes the camera to be turned to that which drives the character\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s thrusters, thus obscuring their actual location.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hidden loot in this raid was that which dropped, not who dropped it. As such, it has been scaled back in value to be commensurate to the size of the reward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many new recipes have been added to assist players in obtaining the resources they need to power their raid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many recipes in high demand by dungeon groups will now require significantly less [Collectronic Module] schematics to create.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new high-end profession that only players of the appropriate class can acquire is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Small but significant improvements have been made to many recipes in the high-end profession skill tree. Many of the recipes in this tree will be off-spec and thus unable to be applied to a non-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Event Time: The first three boss encounters of the day are now available and battle for a chance at a rare gem that can grant a glimpse of victory!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Featuring a host of new additions, including a glimpse of victory for the Horde at the Battle of Dazar'alor, the Isle of Dread and the Dalaran Sewer, The Third War Campaign is open once again this year on November 14th.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALL NEW FEATURE: ADVENTURE GUIDE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adventure Guide NPCs have been added to a number of new encounters throughout the world. In addition, players can now navigate through these encounters on a map, enabling them to find and fight the appropriate creatures without constantly looking for markers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this new version, you'll find a new "marshal" (pronounced /\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u203\'CB\u710\'88m\u201\'C9\u8250\'9Brd\u202\'CA\u8217\'92l), a faction NPC who'll direct your party toward the Adventure Guide if you're in a group, and who'll offer whatever guidance you need during a particular encounter. Marshals are friendly toward NPCs, and will usually lead players to a location that's more conducive to their type of adventure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INSPECT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new inspect bar has been added to the world. You can use this new interface to inspect other players, trade goods, and look for additional rewards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNIQUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A number of unique items have been added to the treasure lists for Brawler's Guild.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEGENDARY ITEM ADJUSTMENTS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALLIED RACES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FIGHTERS of both the blade and the shield are now considered to be of the same race, and will thus receive a reduction in rewards from the original quest chain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two-headed ogre mage, however, still cannot be paired with a pair of four-headed plate dragons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ILLUMINATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All new achievements and rewards have been added for the Illidan lore quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SKETTIS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Skyguard, Sha\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99tari warriors specializing in their command of the skies above Shattrath, have acquired an ability that allows them to see the stars. Those who understand the language of the Skyguard will be able to learn the plot of this quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TRAVELING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A number of new flying exploits have been added, including a ride-able zeppelin, the Kodo Caravan, and the Kodo Transport.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Quest Tracking has been added to the Inbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeon Journal has been expanded with new information on all raid bosses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Achievements which are earned while leveling can be tracked on the World Map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Randomized Daily quests have been added to the Dungeon Journal. Randomized Daily quests will award different rewards based on the current level of the dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GRAPHICS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved water and lava rendering system (Video Options - Liquid Detail on the Graphics Panel)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dynamic Sunshafts effect (Video Options - Sunshafts on the Graphics Panel)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALPHA}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALPHA is a new additive shader technology that replaces OpenGL for rendering in D3D games. It adds an additional texture resolution, multiplies the shader's frequency by a fixed number, and provides better performance on many modern shaders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: FINE PRINT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With this patch we introduce the new feature Fine Print. The FINE PRINT texture format has been improved to 1x per pixel, 4x for World of Warcraft patches, and will be the main interface for many new features in the future. Before we dive into details of how this new interface will work, however, a couple of notes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Patch 7.0.3a has limited support for new graphic cards from the NVIDIA Corporation. Previous to this patch, all NVIDIA cards were not correctly patched to 7.0.3a.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have not had any success with automating the hotfix to the issues with the Dragon Sleeves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Currently, in order to comply with a new patch requirement of Dragon Sleeves 7.0.3a, all Dragon Sleeves will require a patch 7.0.3a hotfix.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HOW TO INSTALL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once you have the client up and running, you will need to follow the on-screen instructions to install the client. If you are not already familiar with how to do that, please read How to Install the Clients .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FORUMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new FORUMS tab to the Social window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new Forum Avatar for each major MMO vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For each of the specializations, you can now choose to make a post linking to your profile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now move the chat frame up to height using the Interface Options button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new floating combat text for raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Elemental Focus]: Now also reduces the mana cost of spells by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Elemental Mastery]: Now also reduces the chance your spells will be dispelled by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Unleashed Rage]: Damage bonus increased to 25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Molten Core]: Now also increases the damage of your Molten Core spells by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Raging Blow]: Now also causes your Mortal Strike and [Puncture] spells to generate a Soul Shard when used against a target that is at or below 30% health. Soul shards are awarded in waves equal to the damage of your Mortal Strike or Puncture spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Reckless Abandon]: Your Reckless Abandon for 10 seconds after damaging a target causes no threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rend]: Damage has been increased to increase the damage of your Rend spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Slam]: Slam damage has been increased to increase the damage of your Slam spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Taste of Blood]: Now provides 5/10/15% of your missing health in bonus damage instead of 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Vampiric Blood]: When a player takes damage of [Mortal Strike], the damage of your [Vampiric Blood] is increased by 5/10% for each of the first 10 critical strikes (up from 8/16/25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Craze]: Now activates on all melee swings, instead of a few specific attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Frenzy]: Now also causes your [Blood Frenzy] to leave your target with 1/2% of health after 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bone Shield]: Now has a 30 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crimson Scourge]: Now also increases the damage of your [Scourge Strike] and [Death Scourge] spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Presence]: Now grants 5% more attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gladiator's Resolve]: Now also reduces the duration of all movement impairing effects by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Gladiator's Swiftness]: Now also allows for [Swiftblade's Agility] to be used while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Bone Shield]: Now increases the number of charges on the Bone Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Death Caked Fangs]: No longer causes the Hunter's [Passive] ability to remove the caked fingernails from their pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Shadow Bite]: [Focused Aim] now grants a 5/10/15% chance to increase the critical strike chance of your [Shadow Bite] and [Celestial Focus] spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hunters Eye]: Now also increases the range of your [Multi-Shot] and [Multi-Shot] by 10/20 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Kindred Spirits]: If your pet is at or below 25% health, your next [Taunt] ability has a 50/100% chance to be instant and cooldown is reduced by 10/20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mark of the Wild]: If your pet is at or below 25% health, your next [Taunt] ability has a 25/50% chance to be instant and cooldown is reduced by 10/20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pounce]: The damage and knockback distance on [Pounce] has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Survival of the Fittest]: Chance to critically strike with [Mangle] increased to 8%, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Taste of Blood]: Chance to critically strike with [Mangle] increased to 8%, up from 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Survival Instincts]: This talent now provides an 8/16/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DELHI MOUNTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following new epic mounts are now available from journeyman Leodrick Garrosh:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felsteed, of the Legion]: Nocturnal, an extremely rare flying mount that is obtainable through a hidden quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felsteed, of the Thunder King]: Nocturnal, an extremely rare flying mount that is obtainable through a hidden quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Celestial Focus], a new title that can be earned by winning the [120] Lunacy Challenge quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Focusium Magnate]: Earned by completing the quest " [120] The Secret Ingredient Is In" (upon which further quest is based).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ebon Mask]: A new title that can be earned by completing the quest " [120] Uldaman Cover" (upon which further quest is based).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Flametongue Weapon]: Equipping this weapon will immediately trigger a cooldown of 10 minutes on use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Infected Wounds]: This bug has been fixed with regard to its tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Medallion of the Legion]: No longer drops from [90] The Victory of the Illidari, and any Horde player with the appropriate faction will automatically receive this item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mini Diablo: This quest has been fixed to allow completion of the encounter without any loss of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Niaga Lesser: Players no longer need to kill any of the enemies in the quest to obtain this item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Onyxia Lesser: The quest to obtain this item now requires the player to defeat Wizkar and his companions, as opposed to just defeating General Nazgrim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Razed Niaga: This quest now allows a single character to access the content for a limited time, in addition to the existing weekly challenges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Skettis Windwalker: The quest to obtain this item now requires Rexxar's Indictment, as opposed to the current requirement of "Rexxar's Key" from completing "Gather Them All".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Skettis Windwalker and Skycapturer now need no reagents to be found or learned; both require quest achievements for their respective shards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sa'at again has a new unique encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rite of the Arcane Tempest: This encounter has been simplified significantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Styleguard Vridiel: This creature now only types of attacks that it can deal damage with on its back have been modified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Styleguard Vridiel will now wait for about 8 seconds after a melee critical before attempting to leap onto the player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeon & Raid Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many dungeon maps with display issues or missing sections have been updated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several bosses and creatures were awarding no, or too little, reputation when killed. Conversely, some creatures were awarding too much reputation, or should not have been awarding reputation at all. These inconsistencies have been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Error messages for characters unable to resurrect should be more clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players level 83 and higher should be able to correctly queue for Warlords of Draenor dungeon bosses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Re-queueing for a random Warlords of Draenor dungeon will no longer cause the client to crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players below level 83 can now access the Ruins of Andorhal via the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players above level 83 can now access the Ruins of Andorhal via the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All chain resistance talents are properly reset by entering a boss room that has a lockout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shapeshifting should no longer be possible after death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players above level 83 can now access the Shado-Pan via the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players above level 83 can now access the Siege of Niuzao Temple via the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Loot dropped by Anub'Rekhan will now persist through zoning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Non-boss enemies of the level-90 Niuzao Temple raid have been changed to non-boss enemies of the level-90 Heroic Tauren dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Heroic version of the quest "A Drink for All Parties" now gives a reputation reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Niuzao Temple graveyards in Blade's Edge have been moved to a safer location.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * System messages should play less frequently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Sprite animations have been updated to be more distinct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Boss portraits have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * After years of research, engineers have created an all-new hyperbaric ballistics system that can be used in combat to explode the heads of all nearby enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       A new class of powerful raid-oriented adventures is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       In the latest installment of the award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning award-winning series, Journey Into Darkness, players take the first step toward unraveling the mysteries of the dark heart of Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Dark Heart}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * In a world with a new king, a new council of elders, and a resurgent Corridor, a group of seasoned adventurers stalks the edges of Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players looking for a challenge can seek out the Dark Heart in Kun-Lai Summit or engage the formidable forces of the Corridor in the new 5- and 25-player difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Challenge accepted. Dark Heart Challenge Quest required level 37.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Heart Challenge Quest rewards have been improved. They now drop from level 37-60, and the quest now awards loot, including transgression-appropriate items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Heart Challenge Quest rewards have had their power increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dark Heart Challenge Quest rewards now feature improved loot, more frequently obtained loot, more frequently earned gear, and new quest rewards that are awarded from defeating new challenges on the Dark Heart difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Added a new weekly quest that rewards an item level 560 epic mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now visit their Faction Master(s) in any of the capital cities to turn in regular and epic rewards for honor and reputation. Faction Master(s) in each capital city now allow players to turn in rewards for honor and reputation at a single vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * For additional details behind these changes, please visit the Dark Heart Forum Thread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       REVAMPED TIMEWALKING STYLE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Timewalking has been implemented. Players will be able to queue for raids and instances in 10- and 25-player modes, and will be able to change between those modes while in queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Timewalking is available starting at level 110, and will be implemented in a future patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Instances will now be created in 10- and 25-player modes, and players can queue for raids and instances in these instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Added a new weekly quest that awards reputation for a Timewalking-appropriate mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Darkmoon Zeppelin artwork will be available in Timewalking's honor version (blue and gold) as part of the [DARKMOON BEAST] vendor retrofit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new mount will be available at the same time as the Empowered Ravencrest. That mount is now available via a special quest, accessible through the in-game mail interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BARRENS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       While in Orgrimmar or Ironforge, players can now visit a vendor named Dustlord Jard and get his autographed copy of the Barbed Shot book for free. This deal with Jard can also be obtained through the [good fortune] Daily Epic quest, awarding a free copy to a player's Good Fortune roll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Timewalking will also now be implemented in Stormwind, The Dark Portal, and The Black Temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BATTLEMASTERS RETURNS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Battlemasters have returned to Dalaran and Orgrimmar with a vengeance. Players can now visit Battlemaster Desperate to get a Battlemaster's Raw Rage for free. This will allow those without the materials to craft better weapons and armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Players also need not be at the highest reputation level to visit these Battlemasters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Fatebringer] now causes your next [Rebirth] to refresh the duration of [Inner Focus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * After much soul searching, the dreaded [Void Tendrils] have been finally located and removed from the Abyss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now defaults to [Fel Syth], which no longer slows your death knights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mind Flay] can no longer be cast while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow Word: Death] now has a 1.5-second global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Soul Swap] can no longer be performed while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Soul Fire] can no longer be cast while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Soul Barrier] now causes all damage dealt by [Demonic Immolation Passive] to also deal damage-over-time effect to the afflicted target. This effect will not be removed until an emote applies or ends its duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Unstable Affliction]'s [Drain Soul] effect can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Chaos Wave] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new [Slice and Dice] ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadowform] is now an 11-point talent, up from no talent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Dark Simulacrum] has been removed and replaced with 11-point talent, [Vampiric Touch]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Vampiric Touch] deals increased damage and healing based on the damage-over-time effect on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadowguard] no longer removes movement-impairing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Vampiric Touch] no longer deals damage based on the target's condition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Chaos Wave] is no longer subject to diminishing returns in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Felblade]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect its new effect: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Each consecutive use of [Felblade] increases the damage and healing done by that particular boon by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Each consecutive use of [Fiery Blast] increases the damage and healing done by that particular boon by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Each consecutive use of [Frost Nova] deals increased damage and healing based on the target's current health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Lava Lash] deals increased damage and healing based on the target's current health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Spinning Fire Blossom] no longer has a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Searing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Battle Shout] cooldown increased to 2 minutes (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Charge] is no longer usable while stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Commanding Shout now increases the movement speed of all affected targets by 70% for 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crackling Jade Lightning] cooldown reduced to 9 seconds (was 12 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Elusive Dance] now increases Purify% by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fortune Strikes] now has a 1-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Initiative] now generates 15 Rage (was 15 Insight).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lightning Reflexes] now generates 15 Rage (was 15 Insight).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mace Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mocking Blow] is now a perfect 100% chance to generate a combo point (was 85% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Overpower] now generates 15 Rage (was 15 Rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Reckless Abandon] is now a perfect 100% chance to generate a combo point (was 85% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ravager] now generates 10 Rage (was 5 Rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rend] costs 10 Rage (was 5 Rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's duration has been increased to 6 seconds (was 4 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's damage per tick reduced to 75% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's damage block value reduced to 70 (was 80).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's daze value has been reduced to 70 (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rend's free throws increased to 8 (was 5 free throws).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The value of [Frenzied Regeneration] has been reduced to 300 (was 350).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Gore] bonus has been reduced to 15% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Perseverance] bonus has been reduced to 2% (was 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Taste of Blood] now refunds 35 Rage (was 50 Rage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Uther's Guard] no longer triggers from damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vengeance] no longer resets the fight after a wipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CURRENCY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Honor Points] have been converted into [Honor Points].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All non-damaging interrupts off the global cooldown of Battle Cry and [Berserker Rage] can now be critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several damaging interrupts now ignore line of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several damaging interrupts now ignore target collision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Item Set Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 5-piece Vengeance set bonus has been changed to increase the damage of [Hurricane] by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece Hurricane set bonus has been changed to increase damage by 5% for all ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece Restoration set bonus has been changed to reduce the cooldown of Titanic Healing by 25 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece Wild Growth set bonus has been changed to reduce the cooldown of Super Soothing Breeze by 5 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 2-piece Wild Growth set bonus has been changed to reduce the cooldown of Super Soothing Breeze by 15 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Item Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now click on an item link to confirm that it's an item that they're looking at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a player was unable to open an auction window (using Online Auction House) after clicking on an invalid item link.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where players were unable to remove an item that they had in the middle of an action (action, spell, etc.).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a player was unable to whisper an ally about an issue via the in-game chat interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where reputation gains were not updating on the account page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where players were able to complete tasks that were interrupted by the in-game clock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where skills that had multiple ranks were not updating correctly when switching between different weapon stances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where specialization UI changes were not updating for some items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a player was able to cast a spell on 2 targets at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where multiple action bar spells could}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The following abilities now trigger on interrupt, [Kick], [Solar Beam], [Dampen Magic], and [Mind Flay] using the Warrior's default stance: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Intervene] is now available on the trainer as a means to provide a more intuitive way of gaining control of an enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Disarm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Intervene] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now restores 2% mana a second time, but power costs have been increased by 300%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Disarm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Stance of the Sturdy Ox] now restores mana a third time, but direct damage taken is now reduced by 35% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Reflective Armor Plating] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Rapid Disruption] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Warbringer] now reduces the damage a target takes from area-of-effect damage by only 50% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disarm] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield Barrier] is now available on the trainer as a means to provide a more intuitive way of gaining control of an enemy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * For Guardian druids, [Mangle] is available on the trainer as a means to gain control of an enemy that does not have [Rip] (the target does not need to be in front of the rogue).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eerie Fermentation] is now available to all druids at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Quiver] is now available to all hunters at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thick Hide] is now available to all hunters at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rip] is now available to all rogues at level 80. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Deadly Throw] uses the new Hitting/Rupture mechanic in [Deadly Throw] to determine damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shuriken Combo] is now available to all shamans at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tremor Totem] is now available to all warlocks at level 80.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Frenzy]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect the new 2-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chimaera Shot]'s tooltip has been updated to include a visual of the debuff which will remain after the target is no longer affected by Shuriken Combo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disease Cleansing Totem] now has a visual on the caster which will appear when the chakra is fully consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fire Nova]'s visual has been updated to include a more distinct visual of the debuff which will remain after the target is no longer affected by Shuriken Combo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flame Shock]'s tooltip has been updated to include a visual on the caster which will appear when the debuff is fully consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Core]'s tooltip has been updated to include a visual on the caster which will appear when the debuff is fully consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Primal Fury]'s tooltip has been updated to include a visual on the caster which will appear when the debuff is fully consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleash Flame] now consumes all charges of a Fire Totem in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Precision]'s tooltip has been updated to include a visual on the caster which will appear when the debuff is fully consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Subtlety] now increases all damage dealt to the target by 3% per stack (was 4% damage), and the damage bonus per stack has been increased to 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Seal Fate] now grants 100% additional chance to hit with [Hammer of Justice], and [Seal of Blood] deals 240% additional damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Soul Leech] no longer has a restriction on healing, and now applies to all healing done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Void Tendrils] now have 100% of the Subterfuge damage dealt to them instead of 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * See also: Talent Balance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Cataclysm]'s effects have been modified to account for the removal of [Immolate] and [Seed of Corruption].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Chaos Bolt]'s damage has been increased by 100%, and its healing has been increased by 220%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Demonic Gateway] now has a 1.5-second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Demonic Gateways now share a cooldown with all other teleportation spells (was 2.5 seconds, 1.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Fel Armor] now reduces physical damage taken by 40% (was 50%), and armor reduced by that amount in addition to other effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Fel Armor] no longer increases Hit or Expertise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Felsteel Legplates] provide a passive ability that allows the Warlock's pet to ignore Armor that is less than or equal to its normal DR.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Felsteel Legplates] no longer provides a passive ability; instead, it provides a 5% damage bonus to Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Felsteel Legplates] no longer stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Gluttony] now stacks 5 times (was 6), and its duration has been increased to 10 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Pendulum Strikes] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Shadow Focus] is a new talent that increases the duration of [Shadow Bolt] by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Shadow Nova] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Shadow Focus causes the Warlock's Shadowbolt to deal 80% of the damage of [Shadow Fire] instead of reducing its casting time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Execute] now deals 125% weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Slam] now deals 225% weapon damage (was 105%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Blood in the Water] no longer increases the healing of [Mortal Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Siegebreaker] now deals 150% weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Slam] now deals 225% weapon damage (was 105%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Blood in the Water] no longer increases the healing of [Mortal Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Savage Defense] no longer increases the duration of Shield Slam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Savage Fury] now increases the Warrior's attack power by 10% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Savage Fury] can now be triggered by off-hand Whirlwind damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Slam] now deals 225% weapon damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A new Windwalker and Brewmaster ability is now available to all monk specializations, allowing players to instantly [Brew-In] while in combat. In addition, Windwalkers can now instant-cast [Mistweaver Arts] from the Monk stance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mistweavers can cast [Thunder Focus Tea] while riding any type of vehicle, including upside-down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [S.E.L.F.I.E. Camera] ability has been added to vendors throughout the continent of Pandaria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following transmogrification items were not able to be applied to other types of transmogrification items because of their function or because of other limitations. That has been corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many utility items which changed hands in the Auction House have been refunded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Beast Within quest of the Crypt of Forgotten Kings can no longer be completed unless one of the four pandaren emissary quests is completed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Focusing Lenses are now Unique items and can no longer be applied to other items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The buff icon for Focusing Lenses has been changed to better fits the Warlock spell [Focus Fire] and the Warlock spell [Dark Pact] use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Focusing Lenses which give a bonus to another attribute now always grant an increase to that attribute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Invoke the Four Winds no longer requires a target to be in front of the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Invoke the Four Winds now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The cooldown on [Conflagrate] has been reduced to 2 minutes, from 3 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now increases damage of affected targets by 70%, instead of increasing the damage of the first target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Service] now summons a second Fetid for each of the four spheres centered on the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fel Syth] now summons a second Fetid for each of the four spheres centered on the Warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Memory Foam] is now unique and cannot be applied to another item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Invoke the Four Winds now deals 125% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Intensity] now increases damage reduction effects by 15%, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Command] now lasts for 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Fury] now lasts for 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Righteousness] now lasts for 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Sacrifice] now has a 2-minute cooldown, up from 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Salvation] now transfers 20% of the damage you take to the victim, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Selfless Healer] no longer has a cooldown. It can now be applied to the victim for 20% of the damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftblade's Guile] now increases your attack speed by 30% while stealthed, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now increases your movement by 90%, up from 55%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftblade's Guile] no longer increases your stealth detection ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftblade's Fingers] now has a 1-minute cooldown, up from 0.5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Swiftblade's Secret] now reduces the cooldown of your [Stealth] ability by 90%, up from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Fury] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Fury] now has a 2-minute cooldown, up from 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Grip] now increases the duration of [Feast of Might] by 60%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Sanctum] now has a 1.5-second cast time, up from 0.5 seconds, and a 1.25-second cooldown, up from 0.25 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Maw] now has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       One of the most talked about changes in the WoW game has been the Alignment system. The entire game has been redesigned to be less intuitive, more accessible, and more intuitive. We've broken down the Alignment system into 4 different phases: Pre-Alignment, Alignment, Post-Alignment, and Flexibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Before we talk about how this change affects you, let's first clarify what exactly this is. The Pre-Alignment phase allowed you to make tough calls about which expansion to support. We're pretty sure most players found that the Alignment they chose was no different than the previous version, but hey, it was a change!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       So, what does it do? It smooths out the initial announcement of an expansion by giving players a reason to want to support it. It also helps players avoid making the wrong choice between an expansion and a random pre-release build.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Pre-Alignment }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Alignment points now determine which pre-release content you get to in each patch. Points can be earned for Honorable Kills, which means "for which realm" the bonus content is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Points can be earned for completing specific objectives, both inside and outside of the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Alignment points are no longer based on realm power or account bonuses. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * For Honorable Kills, characters earn extra points based on the modifiers of each bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * For example, a character who earns 2400 Alignment points for completing the objectives of "A Feast for the Seven" receives a 2400 Alignment bonus instead of a normal 2400.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * After the official announcement of an expansion, updates on how the content will be received quickly follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Realm by Realm Testing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * All new PvP items can be on the PTR from the Fantasy layer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Characters can test their wings on the Arathi Basin battlefield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * For additional notes on testing process changes, see the blog titled: Patch 6.0.2 Patch Notes: Testing Realm Issues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Characters can join as individuals in a raid or split up into smaller groups for a limited time in order to test new content and meet the requirements of a new raid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * For example, you can test with 10 other individuals or try to find 5 others to join together in a raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * You can queue as an individual and then as a group, or you can test as a group and then as an individual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * You can be in a group and a queue and still access the same features, but you can only enter the queue and be in that group or queue for one hour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * The raid window will remain open while you are in a group or queue, so you can quickly pop out of the group or queue and quickly reopen the raid window to test your group or queue status.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A weekly cooldown will also be applied to keep you posted on when and how often to show up in Ashran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW FEATURE: FOLLOWERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       New followers can be earned by following a particular player or following a specific pattern. Followers can be earned primarily through}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blast Wave]: The damage-over-time effect from this ability will no longer break [Divine Shield], [Divine Protection], [Hand of Gul'dan], or [Grimoire of Power]; however, it will no longer fail to break [Greater Blessing of Freedom] when used on a target with Blessing of Freedom already active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chaos Wave]: This spell can no longer be cast while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Drain Soul]: This spell can no longer be cast while in [Shadowform].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Repentance]: This glyph will now modify the healing done by the [Greater Blessing of Freedom] talent instead of the cost of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guardian's Favor]: This glyph will now modify the healing done by the [Greater Blessing of Freedom] talent instead of the cost of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hand of Gul'dan]: This glyph will now modify the damage done by the [Freezing Arrow] talent instead of the cost of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Oglok]: Players will no longer heal with this ability while affected by an On Hit effect from Malfurion's Fury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Raging Blow]: The damage-over-time effect from this ability will no longer break [Silent Resolve].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage]: This ability will now trigger correctly when used with the Glyphed rage ability. In addition, the tooltip has been clarified to indicate that this ability also applies to [Heroic Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Defensive Stance]: This talent now also increases the damage reduction from 2% to 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spell Deflection]: This talent now also applies to [Sunder Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance]: This talent will no longer fail to work for players who have the [Hunter's Veil] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Avoidance] (passive): Now reduces the damage your pets take from area of effect damage by 90%, but no longer applies to area damage caused by other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Doomguard/Infernal: These pets now innately have avoidances just like all other warlock pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Bite]: This ability now also applies to the Infernal and Doomguard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Summon Imp]: This ability now deals 10% of the warlock's damage as physical to the target, increased from 80%. In addition, the damage absorbed by this ability is now considered damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlocks can now find and complete battleground instance dungeons while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Last Stand]: Will now make Last Stand stop when a player is killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mass Dispel]: This glyph will now modify the [Mass Dispel] glyph so that it now increases the damage the caster takes from Mass Dispel as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Recuperate]: This glyph will now modify the [Recuperate] glyph so that it now increases the healing gained from the ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shiv]: Updated the tooltip to indicate Shiv permanently removes all harmful effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Will]: This glyph will now modify the [Unbreakable Will] talent to remove the additional 10% damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wrath]: Updated the tooltip to indicate this ability removes damaging effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlords Crafted Items: Several non-damaging buffs have been added to the damage-over-time effects of Warlords Crafted items. These are now identified as such in the item tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bloodgemeon's Bulwark]: Damaged increased substantially.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Celestial Bulwark]: This item now has a different icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ebon Handguards]: This item now has a different icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gnomish Death Ray]: This item now has a different icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Firewyrm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Updated tooltip information on rank 1 of these abilities to clarify that they deal only 15% of [Lightning Breath] damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Updated rank 2 of these abilities to indicate that they also apply [Frostbrand] damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The tooltip for [Flameglow], [Frostbrand], [Reckless Strike], [Talent of the Windrunner], and [Vampiric Blood] has been updated to reflect the changes to those abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The rank 3 buff granted by these abilities will now always be visible and audible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * These abilities will now always be active when using a [Lightning Breath] effect, and will give the appropriate amount of benefit based on the number of charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chain Reaction] will no longer activate if there is no target for the spell cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chain Heal] mana cost changed to 9% of base mana for 3% of the target, down from 12% of base mana for 5% of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Binding Shot] will no longer automatically target a nearby target if there is no suitable target selected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Frostbolt] will no longer cause [Mind Flay] to extend the duration of Bind-on-Pickup effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blazing Speed] is no longer consumed without benefit while in [Cat Form].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chimaera Shot]'s periodic damage has been increased by 100%, but its cast time has been increased to 2.5 seconds, up from 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chimaera Shot]'s periodic damage now deals 100% of the full bonus of [Mangle] and [Chimaera Shot] (instead of 33.3% of the full bonus), and its tooltip now states that it also applies to targets affected by Shackle Undead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ebonbolt] mana cost changed to 9% of base mana for 4.3% of the target, up from 8% of base mana for 3.3% of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 20% and increases resistance to all elements 6% (previously 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbite] now reduces all damage caused by the target by 50% and lasts 12 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Hurricane] now has a range of 35 yards, up from 20 yards, and a duration of 6 seconds, up from 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lacerate] is now a physical (no longer a poison) attack and uses the same physics as [Mangle].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sap] now deals 100% of the full damage bonus for the first 5 seconds after [Sap], in addition to all other effects that occur on that first hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Leech] can now also proc from Scent of Blood, and its effect can now be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spirit Bomb] now has a duration of 10 seconds, up from 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The item quality on several items has been increased by 5% for players who have completed the achievement [Crimson Lotus] to 900 Superior Stacked items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowscale Aspectron] now reduces the remaining cooldown on [Shadowstrike] by 6 seconds, down from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Toughness] reduces the duration of movement impairing effects by 60% (down from 90%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Touch] has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Rolling Thunder] is now available and has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Searing Pain] is now a toggle that can be turned off by setting [Glyph of Searing Pain] to "Off".}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Eredar Twins will now guarantee that they can rebuild their forge in under 5 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alchemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Two new random vendor-bought potions can now be purchased from a Chemistry book at a bookseller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Three new random vendor-bought potions can now be purchased from a Science book at a scienceseller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Four new random vendor-bought potions can now be purchased from a Enchanting book at an enchantingbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Five new random vendor-bought potions can now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Word of Blake}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By using the Word of Blake daily quest in Shattrath City, you have become acquainted with the spirit of Blake. This spirit, if successful, will allow you to reach your full potential as a player.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reward}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A permanent enchant effect has been added to your item that will become active for as long as you remain equipped.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GETTING INVOLVED IN THE WORLD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A series of quests have been added to get players started on their journeys in Terokkar Forest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TURBO SCIENCE VESSEL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Help Captain Sesnegeton and the crew of the Argussian freighter Discovery go adrift in the Star Chamber of the Pantheon on the Idols of Power while investigating a mysterious new device called a Turbo-Scepter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP GARRISONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new quest line that will award Apexis Points and invite your PvP faction to Bolvar's Rest has been added.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARKMOON FAIRE ROCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new long-lost race in the darkmoon faire, the dwarven people, have set up shop in the Broken Isles and are looking for new adventures!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUCTION HOUSE DANCE STUDIO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Auction House has been renovated into the song contest! Two rounds of matches will be held a day, and you can now enter the arena and participate in the fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EVENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HAPPY HOLIDAYS!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some of the holiday-themed items released this year have caused some complications, but everyone is healed now! Check out what you can expect to see in the Christmas realm, as well as the rest of the seasons, in the coming seasons!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ROGUE CUSTOMIZATIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Added a new cloak option that allows you to wear any robe you've ever worn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TURBO-STYLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now available in Stormpike or Ironforge, this template system allows you to create unique gear that's impossible to find.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARKMOON FAIRE RACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This year's Darkmoon Faire is bringing a whole lot of new characters with unique powers, and a whole lot of Darkmoon Prize Tickets to the Broken Isles. Good luck finding them, though!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EVENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARKMOON FAIRE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every few weeks, a handful of new characters will become available to players beginning at level 10. After that, the Faire will become available again, at a later date. This allows us time to polish and test new characters before releasing them to the wild.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARKMOON PRIZE TALENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every now and then, a Darkmoon Prize is awarded in celebration of a particularly memorable accomplishment. This year, a Darkmoon Prize is awarding those who best demonstrated the elements of the Thunder Bluff theme song during the Darkmoon Surprise.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many new items can be crafted by combining elements found on Draenor with elements from existing piles of Draenor rewards. These include (but are not limited to) the Hand crafted Fat Chocobo, the creation of which requires both Thaumaturge Vashreen and a Flame Wreath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new PvP Token has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now accept the PvP Token in chat, by joining the chat channel using the /accept command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players level 10 and higher will always see a duel or capture point in the center of the screen before a team of 4 pvp-capable NPCs sit atop the captured city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dueling starts at level 10, and continues throughout the season.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The current season of 4-player maxed/5-player maxed team-based dailies each run until the end of the season, at which point the server switches to the new system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you have PvP on and are on a logging team, the opposing team will see that you are both flagged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Team logos will now show up in chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You will automatically be given a 15-minute warning before a team mate is killed by opposing players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If 3 or more players from the same team are killed in a duel, a separate 15-minute debriefing will be offered to the deceased teammate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The chatting interface now separates raid from non-raid by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All hits from " [Thunder Strike]" will now share a debuff "Timed Bleed".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If 3 or more players from the same team are killed in a duel, a separate 15-minute debriefing will be offered to the deceased teammate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If 3 or more players from the same team are killed in a duel, a separate 15-minute debriefing will be offered to the deceased teammate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If 3 or more players from the same team are killed in a duel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Fixed an issue where targets would be pushed back onto their previous combat phases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where a player would be pushed back onto a vehicle even after killing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where off-hand attacks were missing too frequently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where off-hand attacks would be blocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where ranged attacks hit with 2-handed weapons were automatically disarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where off-hand attacks would be missed too frequently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The bug where players could be stuck in a location that no longer exists has been fixed and should now be much easier to find.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Chat frames can now be created with Lua scripting support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New interface option: Open Chat Window at Mouse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added Open Chat Window button(s) on the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added Open Container button(s) on the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added Open Addon button(s) on the mini-map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a character sheet to apply an addon to that character.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a sheet to hide/show an addon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a sheet to return to that character sheet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new interface option: Open Chat Window at Mouse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a sheet to hide/show an addon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a character to load the saved state of a conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now right-click a character to return to that character's normal state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new interface option: Open Container at Mouse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Help" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Dispel" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Remove" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now shift-click a name to add a new action ("Addon Name").}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now shift-click a sheet to show an addon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now mouseover a name to load the saved state of a conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Reset All" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Rebuild" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can right-click a name to reset the currently open conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A "Search" button has been added to the navigation bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can shift-click the sheet to show an addon search field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Quick Join feature has been added to the Inbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Appearances}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Some player appearances have been changed to make them more appealing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Your character's weapon or spell icons will now display on the action bar when you are casting an action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview an ensemble set by CTRL-clicking the set name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Your appearance customization options have expanded to include spell and weapon enchantments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Transmogrifier NPC is now visible on the minimap as well as on the character sheet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When you enter an outfit into the transmogrifier, the UI now adjusts to display the appropriate item in the transmogrifier instead of the item you were trying to transmogrify.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview a set by CTRL-clicking the set name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now search the transmogrifier to see items that are already in the item bank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview items in the item bank by Shift-Clicking them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items that have extra crafting discipline multipliers are now shown in the transmogrifier as "+" in the item pane, just like other crafted items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview an outfit by CTRL-clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview items in the item bank by Shift-Clicking them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview items in the item bank by Shift-Clicking them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview items in the item bank by Shift-Clicking them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview an item by CTRL-clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview multiple items at once with one click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview an item by CTRL-clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview a set by CTRL-clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview a set by Shift-Clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview a set by Shift-Clicking it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview a set by Shift-Clicking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new 30-second timer can be set in the interface to make it easier to quickly determine the order in which you should be farming materials for transmogrification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HOTCOILS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Discombobulator Ray]: Players can now use this toy to frighten away intruders while they are out of combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hogger Robot]: This toy can now be acquired as a reward from the Gnomeregan quest, for players that have completed it previously.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JEWELCRAFTING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new method for creating Fire Quartz has been added: [Felblade: Fire Quartz].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flame Deflector Ray]: This toy can now be used as a toy for, and bonus reward from the Gnomeregan quest, for players that have completed it previously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Heavy Hand]: Now grants Melee attack power as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Grand Master and Level 4 recipes are now drop free from mobs and NPCs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New method for creating Inferno Shards: [Felblade: [Inferno Shard]].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New method for creating Legendary gems: [Reagent: Legendary Gem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New method for creating Prismatic Oils: [Reagent: Prismatic Oil]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New method for creating Residuum: [Reagent: Residuum]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New method for creating Sorcerous Components: [Glyph: Sapient Sandalwood].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New recipe for epic armor: [Glyph: Malignant Hoya].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New recipe for epic weapon: [Glyph: Twisted Starfruit].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The recipe for [Relentless Strikes] has changed: instead of a single application, it now requires 2 [Reagents] and a [Scare Powder].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scarab Brooch]: It is no longer possible to use this item to make 2 [Nightblade] attacks simultaneously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Silithyst's Charm of Madness]: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spirit-World Glass]: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * [Sprite Darter Eggs]: This item's tooltip now indicates they count as an egg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sprite Darter Eggs]: These items now make the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Super Charger]: This item now has a brief delay when used before discharging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tome of Fiery Redemption]: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Totem of the Thunderhead]: This totem has been re-designed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * It now generates a knockdown effect when used, but can no longer be used in any capacity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vial of the Shadowcat]: This item now makes the correct sound when moved in inventory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]; used by demons to transpose their own felblight into their own felblight, granting them the ability to transmute their fallen foes' felblight into power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade] and [Felblade Slicer] scepter bonuses have been reduced to 10/20/30%, similar to other misc. trinkets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The base damage has been reduced by 50%, so the bonus damage has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The bonus damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The reduction to the base damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The reduction to the bonus damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The reduction to the base damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The reduction to the bonus damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felblade]: The reduction to the bonus damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felsteel Bracers]: The bonus damage from these has been increased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Felsteel Bracers]: The bonus damage from these has been increased slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gladiator's Leather Gloves]: This arena bonus has been changed to reduce the duration of the Gladiator's Honor Guard from 10 to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grand Marshal's Dragonhide Helm]: This arena bonus has been changed to reduce the duration of the Gladiator's Honor Guard from 10 to 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hazza'rah's Charm of Healing]: This spell icon has been enlarged and will now correctly heal the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Idol of the Emerald Queen]: The idol now correctly heals the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Idol of the Scorching Abyss]: The idol now correctly heals the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Idol of the Storm]: The idol now correctly heals the caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hyperspeed Accelerators] no longer causes Haste to reduce the global cooldown of [Spinning Fire Blossom].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lunar Strike] now deals 130% weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Lunar Strike now costs 10% of base mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spinning Fire Blossom]'s cooldown is now 12 seconds (was 9 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Disabling Reach] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mass Dispel] is now available to all Hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Liberation] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Hunter specializations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Liberation] now causes [Blood Surprise] to refresh [Trueshot] when used by a random additional target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Splitting Air] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Unyielding Serpent] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Unyielding Serpent spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Vaal Sacrifice] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Vaal Sacrifice spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Vaal Spellbomb] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Vaal Spellbombs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Void Stalker] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Void Stalker spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Wyvern Sting] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Wyvern Stingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Drain Life] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Drain Life spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Unstable Affliction] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Unstable Affliction spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Drain Life]: This glyph has been replaced with [Glyph of Affliction], which increases the damage of [Drain Life] by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Fear] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Fear spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Fear] has been replaced with [Glyph of Fear], which decreases the threat caused by [Fear].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Imp Swarm] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Imp Swarm spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Shadowflame] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Shadowflame spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Shadow Fiend] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Shadowfiend spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Soul Fire Totem] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Soul Fire totems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Unholy Power] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Unholy Power spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Twilight Serpent] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Tidal Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Weapon of Mass Dispel] has been removed and its effects are now baseline for all Wisp Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Deep Wounds] has been removed and its effects have been changed to reduce threat generated by the target by 60%, and apply a debuff that reduces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  [Wandering Jewels] talent changed to increase stealth detection a bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Wandering Jewels now increases your movement speed by a small amount each time you cast a spell. This is log-based, so less frequent castes may mean a larger movement speed bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tikeshot Aura] - This trinket's effects remain unchanged but a 1/2/3/4/5% increase to all damage and healing done to you while you have 10% of your normal mana pool remaining is now log-based.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Chromatic Brewmaster] - The chance for this talent to be triggered has been reduced to 8/16/25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for this talent to trigger has been increased is now 1 in 10,000 (down from 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Evocation] reduces the mana cost of [Evocation] by 25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wrath] now increases damage done by [Wrath] by 10/20% and causes [Wrath] to grant 1/2/3% haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Holy Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Lightwell].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Renew].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Strength of Soul].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Void Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a lower rank Holy Light than your target should no longer trigger a cooldown for [Touch of Weakness].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Certain non-damaging AoE attacks cast by NPCs will no longer break Stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogue NPCs which are under the effects of [Cyclone] should now be able to be pulled out of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Certain non-damaging AoE attacks cast by NPCs will no longer break [Empowered Enraged Quicksand].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogues should no longer miss with [Shuriken Combo].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Mutilate] and [Slice and Dice] should no longer be used when the Rogue is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Anund's Soul Fragments are now white and do not stack with Spirit Shells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Cheat Death now deals damage only when the Shaman is stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Devouring Plague now deals damage only when the Shaman is stunned, and no longer deals additional damage when the target is affected by [Pestilence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental Overload now consumes [Earthbind Totem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Lightning Overload now consumes [Lava Burst].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Lightning Overload now consumes a charge of the [Thunder Clap] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Split Personality now gives half the bonus to attack power as expected, but the attack power bonus stacks up to 2 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you are standing next to an NPC that has 8% or less health remaining, you will now get the message "You are currently in an incapacitated state".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can no longer disenchant a item while you are disenchanting it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Solar Beam] will now properly clear the cooldown of [Ghost Wolf].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Armor]/ [Frost Armor]/ [Frost Armor] now stacks properly with 2.5 stacks of Frost Armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbolt] cast by an emote now does 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Magma Totem]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Stoneform] now persists through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windfury Totem's damage has been reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman Known Issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lava Burst] can cause stacking of the [Frost Armor]/ [Frost Armor]/ [Frost Armor] effect, leading to inconsistent damage between the two effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Spirit Guides in Timeless Isle now sell [Hand of the Tsaran] for 50 [Rewards of the Four Winds].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hand of the Ts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Intervention] now has a 40-yard range (was 100 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Killing Spree] for Holy priests no longer removes taunt resistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mind Flay] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ritual of Summoning] now summons a 2-minute cooldown creature that pulses more frequently with each reagent added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] can now be used to generate a Soul Shard, down from a 4-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PRIEST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Priests received several significant changes. Larger for character movement, they should notice an increase in the amount of healing they do. Additionally, we revised some of the abilities they know to suit their role (heals primarily), or to make better use of the reagents they already have.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Levitate] is no longer available through a talent, and is instead a passive ability learned by Discipline and Holy priests at level 10.[1]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] now absorbs 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Fire]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dispel Magic]'s cooldown has been reduced to 4 seconds (was 5 seconds), and is now usable on party members only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silence] is no longer available through a talent, and is instead a passive ability learned by Discipline and Holy priests at level 18.[2]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Mending] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Nova]'s damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Radiance]'s periodic healing effect can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Resolve]'s healing has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Aegis] no longer has a cooldown. It now reduces the damage of harmful spells by 30% (was 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now deal 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Fire] now has a 1.5x multiplier (was 1.5x damage modifiers) on Sweep and a 1.5x multiplier (was 1.5x damage modifiers) on Unbreakable Will (both passive and auto-attack damage increasing effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Bomb] now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] now absorbs 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Fury] now lasts 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Fire]'s damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Nova]'s damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unbreakable Will]'s periodic damage cannot be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stoicism] now increases the duration of Blessing of Might by 10 seconds (was 8 seconds), and now also increases Blessing of Kings by 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now deal 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Fire] now has a 1.5x multiplier (was 1.5x damage modifiers) on Sweep and a 1.5x multiplier (was 1.5x damage modifiers) on Unbreakable Will (both passive and auto-attack damage increasing effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] now absorbs 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Star]'s periodic healing can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shining Protector] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shining Presence] now lasts 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Bomb] now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Infusion] now removes 1\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EF\u191\'BF\u189\'BD\u230\'E6\u8221\'94\u190\'BE stack of [Overpowered].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Hymn]: This spell has been replaced with [Hymn of Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hymn of Light]: A new third-party healing spell that increases the power of all raid and party spells by 50/100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Power Word: Shield]: The amount of damage absorbed by this spell was increased substantially on all ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Renewed Hope]: This talent will no longer sometimes give power-ups against boss creatures that were not triggered by your healing, and which you should no longer have gotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Riptide]: This spell has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleashed Rage]: No longer generates threat for its initiator when it triggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shroud of Stealth]: This ability is now cancelled automatically when an enemy player enters the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shuriken Toss]: This ability now deals 100% more damage in the air. In addition, its duration has been lowered to 5 seconds, and it is no longer usable while stealthed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sinister Strike]: This ability now deals 100% more damage in the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Maelstrom Weapon]: Now has a new, unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Way]: No longer damages beneficial spells which are not cast by the Shaman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Tide Totem]: The tooltip for this spell has been revised to indicate that it only works on spells that cost mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Way II]: This talent now provides benefit 30% faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Way III]: This talent now provides benefit 60% faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Healing Surge]: This spell has had its mana cost reduced by approximately 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Master of Elements]: Now also grants the Warlock with a 30-second buff when using one of their four elemental damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Master of Magic]: Now also grants the Warlock with a 30-second buff when using one of their four elemental damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Demonic Sacrifice]: This spell now deals 100% more damage when used on a party member, and benefits correctly from the Warlock's haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fel Armor]: The tooltip for this talent now indicates that it does not stack with other effects that increase the damage done by a single spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fel Flame]: If a Warlock uses both [Rain of Fire] and [Shadow Rain] at the same time, Rain of Fire will also be used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Invocation]: This ability now has a duration of 10 minutes in the morning, and is usable 24 hours a day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gag Order]: If two different Warriors are caught in the same gauntlet, they will now be able to choose the gauntlet which they are on first in order to avoid or mitigate the effects of the other's gauntlet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shattering Throw]: This ability now deals 100% more damage when used on the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warbringer]: This talent now also applies to [Intervene].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All primary profession trainers outside of capitals (Alchemy, Blacksmithing, Enchanting, Engineering, Leatherworking, Tailoring) have been added to capital cities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The herb and engineering trainers in capital cities now properly show their redstone procs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The herb and engineering trainers in capital cities now properly show their blueprints.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of Achievements that were not awarded for level 120 Profession have been re-graded to Lunatic or higher skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The guildmaster and herbalist achievements have been reset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new guildmaster-only Achievement has been added: [The Alliance's Hardest Workers].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new [True Bearing] Achievement has been added for holding a manufacturing skill of 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of Achievements that were not awarded for skill are now granted by True Bearing, including the [Truesteel Performer] Achievement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several new tradeskill items are now restricted to True Bearing training, to reflect the additional benefits offered by the trade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Achievements related to manufacturing have been reset . There are no longer Achievements related to tradeskill skill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       For more detailed information on the design of the [Mark of Kil'jaeden], please visit our blog titled: Mark of Kil'jaeden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Mark of Kil'jaeden is a trinket item that can be used at level 60 to add a Mark of Kil'jaeden to an equipped item slot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The item can be sent to Kil'jaeden directly, or sent to him through one of several avenues depending on one's level. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Level 60: Send him a Mark of Kil'jaeden for the item to be delivered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Level 70: Summon Kil'jaeden directly from the Garrison. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Level 80: Follow up with a quest to acquire the Mark of Kil'jaeden. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 90: Return the item to Kil'jaeden for a reward. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 100: Complete a quest to acquire the Mark of Kil'jaeden. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 120: Return the item to Kil'jaeden for a reward. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 130: Complete a quest to acquire the Inspiration of the North. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 140: Defeat Tichondrius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 150: Defeat Kael'thas. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 160: Defeat Maloriak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 170: Defeat Grand Vizier Radd. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 180: Defeat Grand Vizier Afterlife. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 200: Complete a quest to acquire the Black Market Medic ability. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 220: Complete a quest to become a vendor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 230: Complete a quest to become a vendor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Level 240: Buy and sell items from the Auction House. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Level 250: Buy and sell items from the P&G Auction House. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Level 260: Buy and sell items from the Reagent Bank. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Level 270: Open the Chem Lab API to access the Skyfire Reagent Bank. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 280: Open the Skyfire Reagent Bank API to access the Ambi-Reactor Bank. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 290: Open the Ambi-Reactor Bank API to access the Terocore Reactor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 300: Complete a quest to acquire the first magical chem. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 310: Get a group together to take on the first raid of the expansion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Level 315: Head to the Shado-Pan Monastery. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Level 320: Defeat them all! Don't forget to loot them all! They might not be the most powerful chem, but at least they won't be impossible to loot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Glyph of Flamewaker Oath] - This glyph will cause the Paladin to always cast a blessing when using the Flame waker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Righteous Defense] - This glyph will cause the Paladin to always cast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused [Cauterize] to incorrectly reduce the cooldown of [Presence of Mind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * [Frost Nova] and [Mage Armor] should now both properly reduce damage taken from harmful effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Remove Curse] now removes a harmful effect that caused the Mage to be afflicted by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ice Ward]'s cooldown has been increased to 60 seconds (up from 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Conjure Water] now removes up to 2 harmful effects on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Frost] now creates an Expel Harm effect if the Mage is struck while using Frost Ward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Frost] now dispels all harmful magic effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Frost] now only has a single rank and costs 12% of base mana to cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Ring of Frost no longer adds a debuff that breaks existing crowd control effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Remove Curse] now has a 1-second cast time (up from instant cast).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Counterspell] now has a 1-second cast time (up from instant cast), but costs 30% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Blizzard] now has a 1-second cast time (up from instant cast), but costs 20% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ice Armor] now reduces damage taken by 15% instead of making the Mage immune to all attacks and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frost Armor] now reduces all damage taken by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Presence of Mind] no longer adds to the Muffle effect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Muffle is now available at level 36, 1 second faster than Presence of Mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Polymorph] duration has been increased to 8 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Evasion] is now a level 24 talent, replacing [Evasion], and provides that much additional benefit at higher levels. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Evasion now has a 1-minute cooldown, and is available at level 52.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Presence of Mind has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Improved Polymorph] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Polymorph] is now a level 25 talent, replacing [Evasion], and provides that much additional benefit at higher levels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadowguard] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arcane }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Presence of Mind] is now available at level 44, up from level 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Arcane Intellect] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Presence of Mind] now has a 1-minute cooldown, and is available at level 52.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Arcanic Insight] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Presence of Mind] now has a 1-minute cooldown, and is available at level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Intensity] has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mastery: Fear] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Mastery: Fear has been replaced by [Mastery: Addiction]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Mastery: Addiction allows the Hunter and the pet to use consumables and abilities that are not in combat when the Hunter's pet is summoned, on up to 5 targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Explosive Trap] and [Freezing Trap] can now be set off against additional nearby targets, and the freezing trap will instantly kill any target that is struck by the explosive trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Tar Trap] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aspect of the Wild], the following abilities now provide 2/4/6% increased damage as a Wild Guardian for the pet, instead of 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Beast Lore] now provides a 35/70/100% increase to Beast Lore's duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Play Dead] now allows the Hunter and their pet to instantly surrender a pet to the game's overlord, as long as the pet is alive when the end of the spell expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scatter Shot]'s cooldown has been increased to 25 seconds, and its damage has been increased from 2,650 to 3,350.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Freezing Trap] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scorpid Sting] now has a new spell effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning class abilities. For mages, we focused thinning out the niche and abilities that were not used often. We made sure to retain abilities for mages to function in off-spec roles, since that flexibility is a defining characteristic of the class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Alter Time] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Amplify Magic] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arctic Vortex] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Conjure Mana Gem] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Remove Curse] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cone of Cold] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mage Armor] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Presence of Mind] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyroblast] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ring of Frost] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ring of Fire] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Skin] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbite] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor] is no longer available through a quest, and is instead a passive talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] is no longer available through a quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Trinkets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Alchemical Catalyst]: A catalyst that creates a catalyst effect on the target, increasing all nearby allies by 15% for 10 seconds. Lasts 20 seconds with a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Darty Dagger]: The dagger imbued with Nature's Swiftness can now be pulled off the target's finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Enchanted South Seas Kelp]: This trinket now shares the same cooldown as the Enchant Knife but is imbued instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frillsteed]: No longer generates energy when used as a trinket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Goblin Jumper Cables] are no longer a trinket item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hallucinations: These items now have unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Indestructible: Changed to an enchanced item as part of a rework of the Indestructible chest. This chest now only requires Medium condition to receive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Might Aura: This buff now has a duration of 8 seconds instead of the 6 seconds previously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Primal Combatant: This item now has a duration of 8 seconds instead of the 6 seconds previously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ritual of Doom]: This item now shares the same cooldown as the [Shadow Stone].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Totem of Quaking Earth]: This totem has been redesigned. It now summons a totem that resembles a grizzly, but is much smaller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vengeful Gladiator's Waraxe]: The axe has had its damage increased to be more in line with its replacement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Wands: These items now have unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [White Bandit's Tunic]: This item now shares the same cooldown as the [Gauntlets of the High Priest].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Weapons: These items now have unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added /assist command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added auto-raid break when in a group, and break when in a group without loot when in a raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added /help command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added auto-raid help when in a group, and break when in a group without loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added /suggest command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added raid suggestions to the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added the ability to link quest rewards in chat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a reporting system has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * NPCs which give dishonorable kills will now report the kill in the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to mount with full mana, and mana is no longer restored by using mana salts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a reporting system has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to mow down mobs with one click, and are now able to manually specify the number of creatures they want to mow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to name drops and choose a random drop if they hover over the appropriate creature while gathering a loot menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added an option to list the effects of a beneficial spell after the player selects the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to manually specify the difficulty of a lootable item in the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to manually specify the order in which they want to receive their loot after looting a boss cache or offering a bribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to manually specify the difficulty of a lootable item in the chat window when they are done looting a boss or offering a bribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros Forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GRAPHICS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Improved water and lava rendering system (Video Options - Liquid Detail on the Graphics Panel)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dynamic Sunshafts effect (Video Options - Sunshafts on the Graphics Panel)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Multi-monitor support (Video Options - Monitor on the Graphics Panel)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a "Startup" button that will launch the client without logging in or out. - This option can also be used from the Start Menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added the ability to specify the operating system version on the drop-down menu.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Achievements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The guild achievements Classy Draenei and Classy Dwarves are again earnable by level 120 Shamans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now earn the Darkmoon Race Enthusiast achievement after you release Darkmoon Race Pack 1 on December 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Creatures will no longer get stuck while fleeing from your traps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Creatures now have a 1 second disarm time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rupture (Master of Ghouls) damage has been reduced by 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Uther's Lightning Shield will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Browsing for additions to your Favoriting list will now display all of the items you have on your account and make your selections more easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Set Bonuses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Many items your character has accumulated from quests will now display on your Favoriting list when you see them listed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * You will now be able to specify on the character sheet which bonuses you want displayed when you are viewing a certain item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Item Set Bonuses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now determine on the character sheet which bonuses they want displayed when they are viewing an item from their favorite item set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Preview" tab for an item set will now display an icon on the item set you are currently viewing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * When previewing an item set, the Preview icon will appear in place of the regular effect for all items or partial sets of items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The "Set Bonus" slot for an item set will now show the bonus you receive when the item you are previewing is equipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) traits have been added to many item sets from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now right click an item set to specify that you want that set to be available in your library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now designate a set as "Favorited" or "Not Favorited" and have the set displayed to your friends on the friend list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) armor bonuses have been added to many item sets from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * You can now designate a set as "Inactive" which will cause its bonuses to be ignored until the set is re-equipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) non-faction rewards have been added to many item sets from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Many items your character selects as a reward for completing a quest will now automatically become available to you upon logging in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Crafting a better priest hat is now possible. Just like a lootable chest, you can right click the crafting mat to obtain the crafting materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) profession items that you can transmute have been added to your alchemy trainer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) epic item augmentations have been added to many item augmentations from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) buffs have been added to many spells from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) set bonuses have been added to many class sets from legacy items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Optional (but recommended) talents have been added to many non-damaging CC spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Non-damaging CC spells now have a larger sliver of reduced effectiveness to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Non-damaging CC spells that deal physical damage now have a 1.5x multiplier on their attack power instead of a 2.5x multiplier on their cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Non-damaging CC spells with slivers of reduced effectiveness have been modified to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The damage modifier applied by non-damaging CC effects has been increased by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The bonus spell power granted by non-damaging CC effects has been decreased by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The critical strike bonus of non-damaging CC effects has been increased by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Feral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Feral druids can no longer be disarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of the Wild] now increases all damage by 4% (up from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Leader of the Pack] now provides 100% increased healing to 10% of the druid's maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Survival Instincts] is a new passive ability learned by Survival druids at level 10. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waiting for [Lightning Shield] to expire...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chain Reaction] damage increased to 310% (was 220%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Concussion Blow] damage increased to 110% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Far Sight] now reduces the cast time of [Thunder Clap] by 0.2 seconds, and now also reduces the cast time of Thunder Clap by 0.3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flame Clap] damage increased to 110% (was 120%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue] damage increased to 70% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostbrand] damage increased to 100% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heavy Nether] damage increased to 70% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Heavy Nether no longer has a targeting requirement ( [ [Necklace of the Legion]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hypernova] damage increased to 360% (was 325%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Inferno] damage increased to 100% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lavish Suramar Consumption] now causes [Bough of Life] to heal for 100% of the damage dealt and 10% of the mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Shield] now has a 1.5 second cast time (was 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Magma Totem] damage increased to 110% (was 85%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Core] damage reduced to 60% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Netherstrike damage increased to 100% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pyroblast] damage increased to 110% (was 85%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rain of Fire] damage increased to 200% (was 150%), and now generates [Conflagrate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reckless Abandon] damage bonus increased to 40% (was 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Redoubt] now reduces the cooldown of [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Reckless Guardian] now reduces the cooldown of [Focused Will].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Resistance Aura] now grants 10% resistance to all magical attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Retribution Aura] damage increased to 80% of weapon damage (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Second Wind] now generates 10 Fury (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shockwave] now hits all nearby enemies, damage increased per bounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soulrush] now hits all nearby enemies, damage increased per bounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All damage increased by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vigilance] now generates 10 Fury (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Bolt] damage increased to 90% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer] now reduces damage taken by 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer] no longer triggers from damage, but now also reduces the damage of incoming spells by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer] now breaks existing [Ascendance] and [Guardian's Favor] by 75% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer] now also reduces the cooldown of [Sprint] by 7 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Whirlwind] damage increased to 135% (was 110%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] now generates 10 Fury (was 15).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Weapon] can no longer be used in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dire Frenzy] damage and healing increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Marksmanship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chimera Shot damage increased by 105%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Explosive Burst] damage increased by 105%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Quiver] damage bonus increased to 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Survival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carve] (Rank 2) damage reduced to 80% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Carve] (Rank 1) damage reduced to 70% (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Scorch] damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Quiver] is no longer a passive skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spirit Bond] now shares 20% of its target's damage dealt over 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rake] now deals 175% of weapon damage (was 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Sprint] now extends the duration of [Windfury Weapon] by 7 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Strike] damage has been increased by 100% for tanks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Recklessness] is now available to all tanks specializations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Taste for Blood] is now available only to Brewmaster monks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Transcendence: Battle of the Five Thunders] is now available only to Enhancement druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Transcendence: Golden Goose] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Wild Growth] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Stance of the Sturdy Ox] now increases Stamina by 15% (down from 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger] now increases healing done by [Healing Touch] by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Brewmaster Monks]' Finest Gift now causes [Mastery: Essence of the Serpent] to also increase the healing of [Eminence], [Healing Touch] and [Rebirth].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kuentula's Feast] causes the next [Fists of Fury] or [Legacy of the Windrunners] to not require a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Soothing Mist] is now available to all monk specializations. It has a unique visual associated with it that displays when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Avenging Wrath] no longer causes Forbearance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mastery: Divine Bulwark] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Judgements of the Pure] now increases all damage dealt by [Seal of Justice] by 3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Light of Dawn] now affects all damage dealt by [Flash of Light] by a 75% chance, stacks up to 2 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Sanctified Wrath] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Strength of Soul] now increases the healing done by [Flash of Light] by 2% per stack, but the total amount of healing done by the ability is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Touch of the Pure] now increases the damage done by [Seal of Righteousness] by 3% per stack, but the total amount of damage done by the ability is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vivify] is a new talent replacing [Dispel Magic]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Vivify now surrounds the target with [Vivify], reducing all damage taken by 15% for 15 seconds. This effect can stack up to 3 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Discipline }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Atonement] now additionally increases the healing done by [Healing Touch] by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Power Word: Solace] now additionally causes [Healing Touch] to heal for 50% of the damage dealt by [Flash of Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Renewed Hope] now additionally generates a stack of [Renew].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Signature] now summons a Signature for the duration of its effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Power Infusion] now makes [Power Word: Solace] instant cast and increases [Healing Touch] duration by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Signature: Warmth] now increases the healing done by [Flash of Light] by 60% (up from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Signature: Vengeance] now increases the damage of [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Avenging Wrath] now causes [Judgment], [Flash of Light], and [Light of Dawn] to refresh [Ashur] and [Templar's Verdict] by 5 seconds each time the damage of [Judgment] or [Flash of Light] is increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Destiny Driver] has been redesigned. It now generates 8 Fury per combo point, of which 3 are used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Templar's Verdict] causes [Divine Shield], increasing all damage caused by the target by 10% and healing for 2 each time it hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Templar's Verdict] no longer has a limit of 3 stacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HEALER DAMAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Developer Commentary: Another change being made for Patch 6.1 is to bring the damage potential of healers up to a level that is sufficient and balanced. Healers' damage potential will no longer be diminished by items or gameplay mechanics that are tuned to minimize their damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Healing specializations now account for 66.6% of their normal damage conversion when contributing healing to a group, up from 65%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Empowered Word: Fortitude] now reduces the global cooldown of all spells and abilities by 2 seconds, up from 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal of Insight] has been replaced with [Seal of the Dawn]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of the Dawn]: The damage bonus from this ability now stacks with all other sources of bonus damage, including the bonuses from items and talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of the Dawn]: The damage bonus from this ability now stacks with all other sources of bonus damage, including the bonuses from items and talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW FEATURE: APPEAR ONLINE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Coming soon to Northrend! Players everywhere will soon be able to discover for themselves the true worth of an appearance by visiting the Official Northrend PvP Shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Discover new alternate look for your character's eye when visiting the Official PvP Shop for the latest patch of World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth and the upcoming expansion, Rise of Azshara.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Alternate Appearances: Players will soon be able to discover an alternate look for an item by visiting the Official PvP Shop for an alternate account. This feature is available for characters with a high enough faction to receive a look that best fits the character type, and players of a different faction with a similar item to the current item. The shop will remain for now for players who want to exchange items for an alternate look, but be warned; the alternate look may not be the prettiest option.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Optional Appearances: Another new appearance that may be earned is via a bonus roll reward. Players may select this bonus option when prompted to create an account after the first bonus roll reward for that season of the PvP season.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Bonus Rewards: In addition to the previously announced appearances, players will soon be able to obtain additional rewards through bonus rolls. These additional appearances will grant players additional loot, including transmog gear and holiday seasonal items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Extra Appearances: The final chest of the BfA loot cycle will be the Appearances of the Avatar, the most rewarding of the loot troves from the Aviana, Turalyon, and Warmaster Kubick appearances. Upon reaching 200 Appearances, players will be able to receive a special limited-edition Azerite doll. The doll is awarded from the end of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sword and Board]: The [Furious Slash] ability now works properly against players who are not on a target at the time the sword is parried. In addition, this ability now causes damage on every swing even if the weapon is out of the parry range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance]: This talent will no longer sometimes grant its intended benefit when the player who used the ability receives damage from another effect before the vigor effect occurs. In addition, the tooltip has been clarified to indicate that the hunter's pet will not be affected by the procs of [Entangling Roots].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Combined Arms] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte]: In addition to its existing effects, this talent now also reduces the cooldown of [Outdoor Leader] by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Threat of Thassarian] will now apply correctly when used with [Taste for Blood].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Icy Touch]: Now updates the tooltip for [Ice Armor] and [Frost Armor]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Overpower]: This glyph will now trigger correctly when the Mage does a Uppercut when their opponent is below 50% health. In addition, the damage from this glyph has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shocking]: This glyph will now cause Overpower to connect properly with [Seal of the Black Warlord].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor]: The animation for activating Sunder Armor will no longer also have the animation for Overpower playing when the attack does not connect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Supernova]: The glyph will now benefit correctly from the [Frost Armor]/Ice Armor] meta-gem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Polymorph] will no longer cause hunters to be forcibly in a location when the master polymorph expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Improved Scorch] will no longer cause Arcane Shot to incorrectly appear as if it were a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast] will now consume a charge from [Presence of Mind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Explosion] will now consume a charge from [Presence of Mind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arctic Reach] will now properly apply its damage absorption shield at the beginning of an ability's duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fireball] will no longer incorrectly consume the charges from [Presence of Mind].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pyroblast] will now correctly consume its own damage absorption shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flamestrike] will now properly deal damage to secondary targets affected by [Suffering] (The dwarven war caster is immune to this debuff).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Armor] and Frost Resistance are now properly listed as item stats on the character sheet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Living Bomb]'s damage has been increased by 125%. In addition, its explosion damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chill Shot]'s root effect now has a 6-second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Freezing Rain]'s root effect now has a 6-second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Incendiary Breath]: In addition to its existing effects, this talent now also causes [Frostbite] to affect the Mage's Water Elemental.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor]: The damage from this talent now applies to all damage of the ability instead of a chance for Fire spells to hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Summon Water Elemental]: Water Elemental summoned from the Mage's [Molten Armor] will no longer apply the Fire Ward talent and will properly gain the benefit of the Mage's resistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Deep Freeze] will now correctly remove the snaring component of [Cone of Cold].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flame Shock]'s cooldown is now reset if it is cast while Frozen Shock is on the victim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ice Armor] and [Frost Armor] no longer have charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Polymorph] now has a range of 40 yards for the first-time in a 60-second period, up from 30 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Barrage] can no longer be used while silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Concentration]: This talent now also reduces the global cooldown of [Arcane Missiles] by 2/4/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Specialization]: This talent now also reduces the global cooldown of [Arcane Barrage] by 2/4/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blazing Speed] can now be used while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Corona Blasts]: These abilities will now always hit, including crits, and can no longer be dodged or parried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Empowered Fire]: This talent now also reduces the global cooldown of [Flamestrike] by 2/4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Torment the Weak]: This talent can now be triggered while mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]: This spell can now be cast while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Deep Freeze can no longer be cast while silenced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]: This ability now always hits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]: This ability now always deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze]: This ability now has a 100% chance to be triggered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fingers of Frost]: This talent now also causes Deep Freeze to cost no Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Barrier]: Updated tooltip to clarify ability only usable on the Fire Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Deep Freeze]: This talent has been slightly re-designed. It now reduces the global cooldown of [Deep Freeze] by 2/4 seconds, but replaces Deep Freeze with a different ability called Deep Freeze. This ability has a 50/100% chance to be triggered, lasts 10 seconds, and has a 3 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyroblast] is now a level 8 talent, up from level 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shatter]: This talent now also applies to [Frostbolt] and [Ice Lance] when the damage from the initial damage absorption shield melts the target's armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Defenses]: This talent now also applies to all Shatters on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Searing Flames]: Now works properly on targets who have no armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Defenses]: This talent now also applies to all Shatters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Resolve]: This talent now also applies to all Silences and Interrupts on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit Tap]: This talent now works correctly with the [Power Infusion] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Major Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Infusion of Power]: When this glyph causes Power Infusion to increase the healing of a friendly player's next spell by 10%, the Power Infusion amount healed was increased instead of the normal amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Purify]: This glyph has been replaced with a glyph that causes [Seal of Insight] to reduce the cooldown of [Word of Glory] by 1 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Major Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Censure]: This glyph causes [Crippling Poison] to reduce the cast time of Crippling Poison by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Disperse]: This glyph has been replaced with a glyph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Prayer of Fortitude] now causes [Divine Shield] to apply to an injured ally within 15 yards instead of cutting the victim off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Silent Protectorate] now has a cooldown of 10 minutes (was 90 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Light] has been replaced with Prayer of Spirit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Holy Light casts a stream of Holy Light into the target, increasing healing done by Holy Light by 50% for each Holy Light applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Damage caused by Holy Light is now increased by Prayer of Spirit's effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * All special abilities of Holy Light now share a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Holy Light] is no longer available via the Glyph, and is instead a passive ability obtained by default.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessed Resilience] now causes Blessed Resilience to reduce the physical damage taken of diseases by 6/12/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Aegis] has been replaced with Divine Purpose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Divine Purpose gives the priest a chance to use a different type of dispel on each target for 3 seconds after they receive damage that causes a problematic effect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Dispel Magic] dispel will be used to remove the threat from [Divine Aegis].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Dispel Magic] can be used to remove the movement-impairing effects of [Desperate Prayer], [Holy Light], and [Prayer of Spirit].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * For BISHOP RESERVOIR, CONTENTS AND SETUPS HAVE BEERSTAMPED AT THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * FIVE STORIES -- STORY & WORLD}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * WARCRAFT GI JOURNAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * WARCRAFT GI JOURNAL is now a comprehensive resource for all things WarCraft, including new missions, features, and content that has never been seen before. Check it out!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Feats of Strength -- A weekly challenge that pits players against their own Feat of Strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Challenge of the Day -- An all-new raid that's available as a weekly event, you'll need all your might to face it!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Flurry -- A new speed increase effect that affects movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Taunt -- A new taunt effect that affects combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Sweeping Strikes -- Sweeping Strikes causes reduced threat, and all damage taken is increased against the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Uplift -- A new airborne ability that mimics the Striking the Colossus effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * NEW: Secret Compendium -- Unlock a set of new secret bonuses for players in a cross-faction setting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * In a world with a rash of new mega-missions, each bearing the name of a new titanic war machine, each more awe-inspiring in its scope than the last. Each of these new titansaw, each capable of shattering the very foundations of the Alliance or Horde as never before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A team of legendary international adventurers lead by Jaina ventured beyond the dark portal at the center of the Hinterlands. Theirs was a mighty work, forged in the fires of the Blasted Lands millennia ago. Legends claim the heroes of this heroic band have carried the day ever since, showcasing strength not measured in epic battles, but in sheer, unadulterated triumph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will once again find an entry in the world upon achieving level 110.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Two new mounts are now available: [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Beast Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Trueshot] (Rank 6) now increases pet damage by 300% (up from 200%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Presence of Mind] can now be dispelled by [Evocation], and can no longer be cast while in [Deep Freeze].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New passive ability: [Deep Freeze]'s silence effect does not stack with other effects that have a duration of 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Amplification] now increases the damage of [Cone of Cold] by 100% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Monk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Paralysis] is now a physical property, has a 100% increased chance to be generated from [Spinning Crane Kick], [Tiger Palm], Tiger Palm (Windwalker), and [Blackout Kick].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Fists of Fury]'s critical strikes with 3 or more points applied a 1% increase to the Multistrike stat in addition to the existing 2% Haste increase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Throwing Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Peace] no longer adds a DoF debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Paralysis] is now a physical property, has a 100% increased chance to be generated from [Spinning Crane Kick], [Tiger Palm], Tiger Palm (Windwalkers), and [Blackout Kick].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Throwing Specialization] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Peace] no longer adds a DoF debuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spinning Crane Kick] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 56, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Spinning Crane Kick] is now available at level 92, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 56, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 78, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] can now be used while stunned, and its cooldown is now 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 100, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 100, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 90, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 100, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 90, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blackout Kick] is now available at level 100, and has a 1-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [R}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chain Reaction] now causes your next [Prowl] or [Entangling Roots] to root a nearby enemy instantly (was a 15-second snare). Not all enemies affected by Chain Reaction are affected by Entangling Roots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter pets now have a new resource system unique to each Hunter pet family. Hunters can unlock the resource system by visiting a pet family tree. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Hunters can choose to specialize their pets in one of three different ways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Pet Specialization] is a new passive ability learned by hunter pets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Pet Specialization causes [Pounce], [Dash], and [Charge] to extend the duration of Dash and [Dash] on all nearby allies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Disengage] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Multi-Shot] damage has been increased by 125%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Skull Bash] damage has been increased by 125%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Aspect of the Pack] no longer affects Auto Shot and [Multi-Shot]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Aspect of the Pack] no longer affects [Disengage], and the interrupt from [Shred] can be cleared by canceling [Rupture].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Focused Aim] now replaces the [Focus Fire] talent for all Hunter pets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Focus Fire] is a new talent that increases damage with a single shot by 3%, but no longer affects [Blink].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Tame Beast] now tames a tameable Beast. Summoned Beasts then fight back, chasing their tamed quarry until one of them dies. Hunters can help break the creature's spirit by causing its death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Tame Fey] now tames beasts of the time element. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Tame Beast] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Survivalist] is a new passive ability learned by Survival Hunters at level 10. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Survivalist reduces the amount of damage done by all non-instant attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Freezing Trap] is no longer available to Survival Hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Beast Mastery }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * A new passive ability learned by Survival Hunters at level 10 called [Bursting Shot] is now available to all Hunter pets. This ability causes auto-shot and Multi-Shot to deal an additional 50% damage, and is available on Hunters only as a Beast Mastery ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Aimed Shot] now deals 175% ranged weapon damage (up from 150%) and costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Auto Shot] now costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Multi-Shot] now costs Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Stampede] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Tame Beast] now tames a tameable Beast. Summoned Beasts then fight back, chasing their tamed quarry until one of them dies. Hunters can help break the creature's spirit by causing its death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Beast Mastery }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Arcane Power should correctly increase the damage of [Arcane Power] by 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Pinpoint Target] should properly increase the damage of [Pinning Strike] by 8%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shuriken Storm]: [Shuriken Storm] damage should no longer exceed 2.5 times the normal damage for the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Tremor Totem]: The sound for the stun proc should now be more clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blood Horror]: [Blood Tap] effect should now be correctly removed by [Demonic Focus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fel Synergy]: This talent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s free extra attacks can no longer trigger additional extra attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blood in the Water]: The animation for activating this ability should no longer break early from the stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor]: Now updates the stamina tooltip on the subject of Sunder Armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shiv]: [Suffering] no longer applies the Riposte effect, and the duration has been changed to 8 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shiv]: The tooltip for this ability has been improved and it now correctly affects the Sunder Armor gained from [Mortal Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor]: Tooltip and error messages have been clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Vicious Strikes]: The damage from Sunder Armor will now benefit from both [Mortal Strike] and [Sunder Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS & RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player-run Bankruptcy should now be handling items correctly, without any strange behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of Raid bosses and encounter encounters have had their cash drops increased to make them less expensive than before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players no longer need to discover Chamber of Heart of the Dragon to access it; the content is already in the raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Crest of the Unicorn: Players no longer need to discover Chamber of Heart of the Dragon to access it; the content is already in the raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following encounters were removed from the raid due to the difficulty of the encounters: Anuchenai, the Spawn of Neltharion, Terrastra, and Uther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Experience needed to gain levels from level 85 to level 90 has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cost of [Molten Core] has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Reduced the maximum item level from 85 to 80, to 0 will prevent at least one overpowered item from affecting leveling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players above level 90 could not queue for content beyond their level 90 limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the random property was reset by the most recently defeated mob above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the Fire Titan \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9CFrost\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u157\'9D trait was not updating the appropriate amount of damage dealt by [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players above level 90 could not queue for missing rewards beyond their level 90 limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where items were inadvertently moved to incorrect item frames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The required level for the [Forest Strider] mount has been changed to 68.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players above level 90 could not queue for rewards beyond their level 90 limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The required level for the [Reins of the Black War Elekk] mount has been changed to 12.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players above level 90 could not queue for rewards beyond their level 90 limit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the [Wolfs of Tarkana] mount was missing an idle spacebar animation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Using a "/castsequence" macro that includes an operand that triggers a special action will now print an error message instead of displaying the spell animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where spell power highlighting was inconsistent between macros and the UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where player spells were not updating an idle spacebar animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Add-ons and macros may now be executed multiple times by enclosing them in parentheses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For additional notes on Lua and XML changes please visit the UI & Macros Forum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where player spells were not updating an idle spacebar animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where radial menu items were not updating an idle spacebar animation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where selection of exotic pets was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USE OF DRAGONFLIGHTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The rewards from the "Upgraded to Diamond" daily quest in Lion's Arch have been improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to purchase used PvP Gladiator gear from Revered reputation in Stormwind and Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to obtain a "Friend of Honor" rank 5 [Champion's Medallion] rank 6 from quests. This step of the weekly quest will reset the weekly reward cache.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Uncovering the Past" was not accepting [80] Department of Nature's Reach into the quest log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Micro-Agent" was not accepting "No, That's Not A Rocket" into the quest log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where players were unable to mount certain winged creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Uncovering the Past" reported an incorrect bug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where non-combat spells were being consumed while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where non-combat abilities were being used while in passive mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where non-combat abilities were being used in a way that was not intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where non-combat abilities had been used in a way that was intended but was reverted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where non-combat abilities could not be used if "Auto-Ranks" were already being consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Micro-Agent" reported a bug even when the player with the quest completed is already in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Uncovering the Past" reported an incorrect bug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Cleaning Up" reported an incorrect bug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Micro-Agent" was not accepting of full quest objectives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest " [80] Arachnophobia" reported an incorrect bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "An Audience with the King" incorrectly reported its success rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "An Audience with the Queen" reported an incorrect bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "An Audience with the Pope" incorrectly reported its success rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "An Audience with the Jester" incorrectly reported its success rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "An Audience with the Freewill" reported an incorrect bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "Patient Zero" reported an incorrect bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "Patient Zero" incorrectly reported its success rate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest "Patient Zero" no longer reports an incorrect bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "Target of the Week" incorrectly reports an increase in bounty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "Wyvern Sting" was not granting any bounty at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where a player that joined a meeting stone behind an enemy base will now be unable to complete the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the quest "Supplies for Nethergarde" was not granting any bounty at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RACES: GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Orc and troll shamans now generate a decent amount of threat when they cast their standard shapeshift.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Racial Attribute Bonuses: These bonuses have been recalibrated to even out the amount of starting health on the base and summon a neutral neutral buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cultivation] (Troll) no longer requires a boat launch, and now yields about the same amount of leather as the opposite faction mace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dunemaul Slayer] (Orc) now requires one [Blood of the Dead] to kill, and the quest to obtain it now offers several rewards for the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ghost Wolf]: Using this ability no longer causes hostile NPCs to become immune to us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunter's Mark]: The buff from this ability has been increased in power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hunter's Mark]: Redesigned. This talent now increases the Mage's chance to hit with the Hunter's Mark by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Lightning Shield]: This talent now also increases the Mage's spell damage bonus to Lightning Shield by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mage Armor]: Now grants 45/70/90% of mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Molten Armor]: Now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Polymorph]: Updated tooltip to clarify ability only usable on Fire-Watcher Undead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Polymorph] duration against other players now limited to 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Slow]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FROST PRISON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many races in the frozen wastes know of Frost Prison\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8221\'94its dark secret, where secrets of the Frost Legion are kept for the pitiable champions of the Horde and Alliance to read. But few know its true purpose: to be the vanguard of a massive invasion of the icy wastes against the denizens of Shattrath City.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shadows of Elune}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elune's light is waning, and she will not stand idly by while the Horde and Alliance are forced to fight their own war. The two races who will assume the Lich King's place in the Lich King's Shadow gallery when the time comes will be few. The Scourge have spies amongst the Kirin Tor, and this information will play a major role in leading the Scourge into the invasion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War Missions}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the War Missions in Warlords of Draenor are focused on the invasion of Draenor, players will occasionally stumble across a mission that could turn the tide of the war. This mission, which appears in your journal when you first embark on a War Mission, will be of particular interest to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mission you discover will directly result in turning the tide of the war, by aiding your faction in the invasion of Draenor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UNDOCUMENTED MISSION: UL'AMIR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * During the invasion of Outland by forces of the Horde, a group of trolls goes by the nom de guerre UL'AMIR. The group is led by a mysterious figure known as the "Shadow Succubus," and is engaged in a fierce battle with the forces of the Horde and Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * During the battle, a mysterious girl is kidnapped by the mercenaries known as the "Shadow Thieves. The Shadow Thieves are engaged in a fierce war with the Outland rangers, and the kidnapped girl is eventually rescued by the heroes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARK FRONTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the Frostwolf clan throughout the years, all members of the Frostwolf clan are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the Bloodfang clan throughout the years, all members of the Bloodfang clan are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the Ashen Vergnwrls in the Draenor region, all members of the Ashen Vergnwrls are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the Tiger Clan throughout the years, all members of the Tiger Clan are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the Gray Clan throughout the years, all members of the Gray Clan are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the constant presence of the White Clan throughout the years, all members of the White Clan are now considered honorable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Due to the amount of Conquest Points awarded for a win, players will be capped at their respective weekly cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Conquest reward for a win above the weekly cap now increases at a rate of 5 Conquest Points per week ending on the 5th week of Season 2, instead of increasing at a rate of 10 Conquest Points per week ending on the 22nd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Weekly Conquest reward caps have been changed. To better balance the amount of Conquest Points awarded for a win, members of the team that currently has the highest weekly cap will receive the benefit of the cap increase at the expense of any previous week's reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Tiebreakers and Bonus Events}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Winning a tiebreaker during the first week of Season 2 will award players with a weekly bonus of 200 Conquest Points, while the bonus for a win during the second week will award players with a weekly bonus of 150 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Bonus Event: Arena of Valor has been added to the weekly Conquest reward rotation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS & RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Level-90 Players on Mythic Keystone difficulty starting on January 22 will have access to all weekly chests that contain a Sealed Evil from Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Mythic Keystone end-of-season bonus for a given week now stacks additively with existing bonus events, and will convert existing bonus events into the new bonus event that's being offered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alterac Valley: Players no longer need to kill the enemies in order to advance in the quest to kill the enemy faction's General Nazgrim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ring of Valor: Several minor bugs have been fixed to make the token reward more desirable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACHIEVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Achievements to become a Grand Master of any profession have been re-designed with a view to making them more attractive to players of all levels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The cost of Master's Essence now scales with the level of the applied effect, but as an additional check the player will receive a full refund if the effect they are master is applied first.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARCHAEOLOGY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mass Dispel] no longer causes Mass Dispel to consume a charge from the Warlock's [Power Word: Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Swap] now only activates [Soul Swap] when an affected character leaves the instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstable Affliction]'s damage has been adjusted to be less base and more weapon based.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Swap] now activates only when Soul Swap is completed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Soul Swap] now copies damage absorption effects that are already on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Drain Life] and [Conflagrate] now deal 100% more damage, but are no longer immune to bleed effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s periodic damage has been increased by 130%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now 30 seconds (up from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Hand of Gul'dan] now deals 25% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow of the Colossus] now lasts 24 seconds (up from 14 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow of the Colossus] now causes [Conflagrate] to deal 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Unstable Affliction] now deals 25% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Demonology }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Chaos Wave] now has a new visual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Hand of Gul'dan] now deals 25% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s periodic damage has been increased by 130%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy cost has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now 30 seconds (up from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Hand of Gul'dan] now deals 25% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow of the Colossus] now lasts 24 seconds (up from 14 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Summon Imp] no longer has a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Dreadlash] now lasts 12 seconds (up from 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s periodic damage has been increased by 130%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy cost has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now 30 seconds (up from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy cost has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now 100 seconds (up from 40 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy cost has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now 45 seconds (up from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s energy cost has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now instant (up from instant-cast).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Felblade]'s damage has been increased by 5% and its cooldown is now affected by haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Destruction }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Rain of Fire]'s damage has been increased by 11%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Backdraft] now has a 1-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now increases damage of abilities by 25% (up from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Grimoire of Service] now summons a second demon for 25 seconds (up from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Grimoire of Sacrifice] now instant-casts a second time, costs 50 Energy (up from 0 Energy), and lasts for 45 seconds (up from 0 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Frost Armor]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Allows the mage to become partially transparent, granting 5/10/15% of the mage's armor to be removed as a damage absorb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Ring of Frost]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Allows the mage to teleport to a nearby location, permanently stopping any hostile effects and reducing the mage's movement speed by 70%. Ring of Frost is usable indoors and the teleportereps a small cone of frost around the caster, reducing their movement speed by 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Cold Snap]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ring of Frost no longer has an initial cold snap time, but instead must be activated within 15 seconds of an event occurring before snaring effects are removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Combustion]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Combustion has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Ebonbolt]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Grants the mage's Fire spell a chance to deal extra damage and mana cost reduction based on the mage's attack power and spell power, respectively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Ice Floes]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Makes the mage's Water Elemental attack and damage look and act like a bird, granting it 50% flight speed and making it immune to being knocked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Mirror Image]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Generates 1 to 3 Mana per second (instead of 1 to 4 Mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Ring of Frost]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Ring of Frost has been completely redesigned. It now begins casting instantly after all party members have been affected by [Frost Nova], and lasts approximately 9 seconds (up from 5 seconds). The duration has been increased to 10 seconds (up from 5 seconds), and the talent has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Conjure Water]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Generates 1 to 3 Mana per second (instead of 1 to 4 Mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Talent: [Mirror Image]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mirror Images now have 50% of the mage's armor (down from 80%), and their mana cost has been reduced by 66%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mirror Images can now be targeted and have [Polymorph] applied to them for free (without a dispel effect), and they now deal 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you have [Polymorph] on 3 or more targets, it will alternate between being on 1 target and all affected targets simultaneously, but all affected targets are now in the same location as the original Polymorph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If you have [Invisibility] on 3 or more targets, it will alternate between being on 1 target and all affected targets simultaneously, but all affected targets are now in the same location as the originalInvisibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The free cast time of [Invisibility] has been increased to 2.0 seconds, up from 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The free cast time of [Blizzard] has been increased to 2.0 seconds, up from 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The free cast time of [Frost Armor] has been increased to 2.0 seconds, up from 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ice Armor] has been completely redesigned and replaced with Polymorph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The duration of [Frost Armor] has been reduced to 3 seconds, down from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The damage absorbed when [Mage Armor] is triggered has been reduced to 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Water Elemental }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Water Shock] base mana cost reduced to 20%, down from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riptide]'s periodic damage has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riptide]'s healing has been reduced by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now deals 300% Arcane damage, up from 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spatial Anomaly] is a new talent that increases the damage of Arcane Explosion by 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Magic] is a new talent that increases the damage of Scorch by 700%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pets }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players may now select a different specialization for their first spell specialization, in addition to their current spells, by visiting either the Spell or Abilities section of the Talent UI.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You may now shift-click on a spell to inspect its tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You may now use the mouse wheel to turn a spell in any direction, except up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Some combat log messages will now display as if the cast time of a specific spell was 1.5 seconds, rather than the specified time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Honor talents will no longer appear in green when a CC break has been used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hovering over a spell cast tooltip will now display a visual of the cast time of that spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Many tooltips have been corrected to correctly list the ranks of a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer hear passing thoughts when casting [Blink], [Nether Blast], [Hex], or [Seduction].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The silence effect caused by [Arcane Missiles] will now feel more pronounced when used with [Arcane Blast], [Blizzard], [Frost Nova], or [Silence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The haste bonus from using a [Frost Armor Sphere] will now appear in the correct place in the talent tooltips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Casting a spell while having a buff on your target will now show you the tooltip for your spell buff on the action bar, rather than the console.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added [Taste of Blood] to the Darkmoon Faire. This ability will now always refresh when you eat or drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Armor Sphere] will now always refresh when you eat or drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Darkmoon Rabbit]: Using this ability will no longer cause tracking to fail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druids can no longer select targets under the master's gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonfire] is no longer consumed without benefit when cast on a target with the Lunar Festival active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonfire] is now properly affected by the [Mastery: Combo Strikes] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Omnislash will now benefit correctly from [Riptide].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip] will no longer apply a 3 second snare to the target, and will correctly consume the Rip enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rip will no longer remove shapeshift forms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Focus] will no longer fail to display a shapeshift form when a buff is applied to an un-shifted form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rip will no longer remove shapeshift forms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where the Warlock [Drain Soul] spell would sometimes fail to summon a Soul Shard when using the Heroic version of the ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock pets that are out of combat when activated will now properly appear behind their owner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock pets now properly use their unique sound when attacking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlocks can no longer be disarmed, despite using [Pestilence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] will no longer deal damage to targets beyond the damage cap.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Appearances}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now preview an ensemble set while you are in any location in Skyrim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * When you inspect another player with the Imp's [Fireball] or Mag'har's [Shadow Bolt] spell running, the Imp will now properly display its ranged attack particle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where your appearance changes when you inspect another player again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spell Interrupts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The sound effects for some spells will now continue playing after a player leaves combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Extra sounds added after a player puts an effect on an enemy player (e.g. [Volley], [Explosion], [Freezing Trap]).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Effects which are disarmed will no longer be consumed while being disarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If a silenced effect is being applied to a player, the silenced effect will now always be applied to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If an effect is being applied to a player that has a duration that overlaps with another that expires soon (e.g. [Frostbite], [Molten Armor]), the duration of the other effect will be overwritten by the overwriting effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * If an effect is being applied to a player that has a duration that overlaps with another that expires soon (e.g. [Frostbite], [Frost Armor]), the other effect will be overwritten by the overwriting effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Interface elements can no longer be on the same plane of existence as the camera.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Interface elements can no longer be on the same plane of existence as the camera and the player is now able to inspect them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Moving the camera while inspecting another player will no longer cause you to lose your original camera view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: Now updates the tooltip of [Mind Flay] when Glyph of Mind Flay is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Pain Suppression]: Tooltip typo corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Subtlety]: Now updates the tooltip on [Subterfuge] when Glyph of Subtlety is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Physical Blades]: Now updates the tooltip on [Blind] when Glyph of Physical Blades is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Recuperate]: Now updates the amount of mana gained from [Glyph of Recovery] when it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shiv]: Now updates the damage dealt by Shiv when it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Tricks of the Trade]: Now updates the tooltip of Tricks of the Trade when Glyph of it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unrelenting Assault]: Now updates the damage dealt by Unrelenting Assault when it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Razor Leaf]: Now updates the tooltip of [Razor Leaf] when Glyph of it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Storm]: Now updates the tooltip on Healing Storm when Glyph of Healing Storm is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Spirit Guide]: Now updates the tooltip of [Spirit Guide] when Glyph of Spirit Guide is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Stoneclaw Totem]: Now updates the tooltip of Stoneclaw Totem when Glyph of it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Thunder]: Now updates the tooltip of Thunder Clap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Totem of Wrath]: Now updates the tooltip of [Totem of Wrath] when Glyph of it is applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock PvP Glove Bonus: Reduced to 7% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock Arena: Lost arena points now grant an automatic loss of all 10 arena points if a team does not meet the minimum amount of requirements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlock's Blood Pact]: The amount of bonus healing granted by this item has been reduced from 4% per stack to 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warrior's Deep Wounds]: This talent now also grants increased damage from [Wild Strike] by 4/8/12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Presence]: This talent now also grants increased damage from [Unholy Might] by 4/8/12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DESCRIPTION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 January 22, 2019}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For ages untold, Dazar'alor has stood at the center of the great and powerful Zandalari empire. Its guards have thwarted numerous attempts on King Rastakhan's life, and it has endured trials both ancient and new. But as war reaches the shores of Zuldazar, the Alliance embarks on a daring gambit to besiege the golden pyramid and sever the Zandalari's bond to the Horde.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 December 10, 2018}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war raging across Azeroth between Alliance and Horde has intensified. As the Alliance lays plans to retake Darkshore and regain a foothold in Kalimdor, both factions have redoubled their attacks across the zone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THRONE OF THUNDER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLEGROUND OF THUNDER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The devastating events of the War Campaign have spawned a new 3-boss raid, complete with new rewards. Those interested in the War Campaign can now undertake the dungeon from either Hardmode or Normalmode, and loot the secrets that will lead to victory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURE: APEXIS CRYSTALS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These new crystals are positioned higher on the crystal tower than usual, meaning that they'll affect abilities like [Metamorphosis], [Frostfire Bolt], [Blizzard], [Frost Armor], [Ice Lance], and [Frost Armor].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FREIGHTY QUEEN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A free-for-all for all-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New high-level Artifact glyphs can be found in the Broken Isles and introduced at the Legion launch. The glyph involved is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u166\'A6 well, you'll figure it out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HIGH-LEVEL ARMOR: ARMOR OF JUSTICE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In a world with a new breed of powerful heroes known as the Legion, Plate of Justice might just be the perfect addition to your collection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BATTLE PETS: PETS OF WAR AND RESOLVE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many special, unique, and fantastic new battle pets have been added to the Broken Isles. In this brave new pet regime, you'll no longer be able to trade in your current battle pet for a legendary pet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FIGHT THE STUPID: THE BUG IS IN, TAKE THE F*CK OUT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fight the Stupid: The bug that crashes the game when trying to open the loot window has been fixed. Apparently, players with Revive abilities were having trouble overwriting old loot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RAID: THE FUCKING KEEP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrath of the Titans is upon us, and this time the Titans are not appeased. You'll head to the Dark Portal in Plane of Shadow to face the wrath of the Burning Legion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RAID: HELLFIRE CITADEL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raise your sword or shield, and prepare for an all-new encounter with Hellfire Citadel's fearsome warriors. In this new raid, your character will be assaulted by the very soul of the Illidari, starting the quest that begins your journey toward understanding the Broken Isles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: CRUCIBLE OF THUNDER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In a world without electricity, a group of unlikely heroes stumble upon an ancient ritual that could unleash the might of the Legion. But this is just the beginning. Before long, they'll be faced with the fearsome task of defending their home from the Legion's reach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u166\'A6 before leaping into the portal that leads to the surface.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FACTION SPECIFIC GRAVEYARD RULES FOR THE BROKEN ISLES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Broken Isles is getting a facelift this patch, and it includes new factions, new questlines, and a few tweaks to the existing ones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOCIAL FEATURES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now create and be a part of custom raid groups.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now chat with your entire raid group in one place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can join a draft tank group and take part in flag duty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now invite your whole raid to join you on a flight if you are in combat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now assign roles to load screens, and swap between them while in a location-specific window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a weapon skill of expertise in the raid window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now toggle the 'show loot' option for the raid window if you have it off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now toggle the 'show quest' option for the sidebar, and see all the quests that are currently in progress in one window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a number of useful functions for your friends list.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now toggle the mini-battlemap between open/closed mode, and the open/closed case for each friend's quest pane.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display quest-specific information on your minimap, including quest name, quest target, and any details about the quest that leads to a dead mob or NPC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now toggle the mini-battlemap between landscape and portrait mode, and switch between landscape and portrait mode while in combat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display quest-specific information on your minimap, including quest name, quest target, and any details about the quest that leads to a dead mob or NPC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a number of useful functions for your friends list.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now switch between landscape and portrait mode by clicking on the 'R' key.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for your minimap for easier filtering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for your quest pane for easier filtering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the quest log if you are in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the quest pane if you are not in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the chat window if you are in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the chat window if you are not in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the mail window if you are in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the mail window if you are not in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the raid window if you are in a group that has the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now display a word range for the raid window}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       HEALER DAMAGE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Developer Commentary: Another change being made for Patch 6.1 is to bring the damage potential of healers up to a level that is sufficient and balanced. Healers' damage potential will still pale compared to that of a dedicated damage dealer or tank, but it should no longer feel like you're totally ineffective when attempting to do some outdoor content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Naturalist] now also increases the damage bonus of Druid spells and abilities by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Healing Touch] is a new passive ability learned by Restoration druids at level 10. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Healing Touch now also heals targets for 2% of their maximum health if it deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Beast Mastery }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Tame Beast] no longer replicates energy costs, and will cost a fixed amount per tamed target instead of a fixed number of charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Bestial Swiftness] now also reduces the cooldown of [Aspect of the Pack] by 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Survivalist] is a new passive ability learned by Survival hunters at level 10. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Survivalist increases the Hunter's chance to Multistrike by 10%. Additionally, the Hunter gains increased Versatility based on Multistrike reaching 5%, up to a maximum of 30% additional Versatility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Arcane }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Presence of Mind] can now be applied to [Polymorph] spells and abilities that are not interrupted by interrupts, such as [Arcane Missiles], [Blizzard], or [Freezing Trap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fire }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Fireball] damage has been increased by 8%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Pyroblast] damage has been increased by 13%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Molten Core]'s periodic damage has been increased by 50%. Its periodic damage over time effect is now unaffected by Presence of Mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Frost }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Deep Freeze]'s damage has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Fingers of Frost]'s periodic damage now hits all targets, deals 100% of the initial damage, and is usable against frozen or incapacitated targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Frozen Orb]'s periodic damage now always hits a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Molten Core] now deals 85% of the initial damage, and always deals 4 times to the primary target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Deep Freeze]'s damage over time effect is now always affected by Presence of Mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Frost Bomb] now deals 86% of base damage, and always deals 4 times to the primary target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [M}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood Plague] no longer benefits from a player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s increased healing done to other targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Fever] now has a unique ID so it can be applied to a target even if the target dies while infected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Howling Blast] now costs 15% of base mana to cast, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Armor] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Obliterate]'s damage has been increased by 100%, but deals only 80% of normal damage against player-controlled targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Howling Blast] now costs 15% of base mana, down from 18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Might of the Frozen Wastes] now increases melee attack power by 40%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune of Razorice] now has a duration of 1 minute (up from 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune of Razorice] now deals 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune of the Fallen Crusader] now reduces the cooldown of [Insect Swarm] by 2 seconds, up from 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune of Razorice] no longer increases the duration of In [[Skyshatter] by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune Strike] now deals 280% weapon damage, up from 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zandalarian Hero Badge] now grants 5% strength in addition to existing bonuses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heroic Gladiator's Ragshaw Hood] no longer has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Legionnaire of the Horde] now increases Strength by 45%, up from 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warlord of the Horde] now increases Agility by 55%, up from 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlordspun Saloon keybinds have been added to the Arena queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Coliseum Scenarios now award bonus reputation for a predetermined duration, have a new 5-round duration, and can be obtained at Honored or Revered reputation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * To provide players with a more transparent notification of when Scenarios become available, as well as to provide players with a more granular control over which Scenarios they may acquire, the Scenarios have been rebalanced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The first round of Scenarios available at Honored reputation now awards 500 reputation, 3 Arena Points, and the Champion's Chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Each round of Scenarios awarded 3 Arena Points and the Champion's Chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Champions can now obtain Arena Points through the daily Contribution Points system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Each day the amount of Conquest Points awarded from Arena and daily Scenarios increases by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can earn up to a maximum of 20,000 Conquest Points in a single day, per week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Arena Skirmishes reward 25 Conquest Points, with the weekly cap being 10,000 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Daily Scenarios award 5 Arena Points, with the weekly cap being 3,999 Conquest Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Champions can now collect up to a maximum of 10,000 Apexis Crystals in a single day, per week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Beast Mastery }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Feeding Frenzy]'s cooldown has been increased to 2 minutes (up from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Feeding Frenzy] can now be dispelled, but the Hunter must now be in a Beast Mastery class to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mastery: Monks of the Mist] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter At-Tails}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Arcane Shot] now deals 450% damage (up from 350%) and costs 1 Hati target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Command]: The damage effect from this ability will now be increased by Strength of Earth or Strength of Air. In addition, it should no longer be possible to use both effects at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Vengeance]: The damage effect from this ability will now be increased by haste. In addition, the damage from this ability has been increased by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shield of Righteousness]: This ability now also grants its user Righteousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shield of Salvation]: This ability now also grants Righteousness to the shield it is applied to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Seal of Vengeance]: The damage effect from this ability will now be increased by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Purify]: This glyph will now modify the tooltip of [Purify] correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Resist Magic]: This glyph will now modify the tooltip of [Resist Magic] correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shackle Undead]: This glyph will now modify the tooltip of [Shackle Undead] incorrectly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Atonement now has the correct healing range listed in the tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly absorbs damage from periodic heals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount healed by Mind Flay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the amount of damage dealt by Mind Blast, Expose Armor, and Shadow Word: Pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the mana cost of Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the cooldown of Mind Spike, Mystify, and Polymorph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Mind Blast, Fade, and Field of View.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the duration of Shadow Word: Pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Mind Spike, and is correctly affected by Haste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the mana cost of Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by Mind Blast, Fade, and Field of View.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Mind Spike, and is correctly affected by Critical Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by Shadow Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Mind Spike, and is correctly affected by Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly reduces the damage dealt by Shadow Nova.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dispersion correctly increases the amount of damage dealt by Mind Spike, and is correctly affected by Critical Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Aegis] will again correctly provide its stated amount of bonus damage against demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Divine Hymn] will again correctly provide its stated amount of bonus healing against demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fel Synergy] will again correctly consume the correct amount of mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade] will no longer incorrectly have a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade] will now deal damage at the same rate as [Soul Cleave] (was 2.5% damage per second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s damage had been increased by 125%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s mana cost reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s duration has been increased to 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s effect has been increased to 10% (was 8%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s periodic damage has been increased to 15% (was 8%), periodic healing has been increased to 13% (was 10%), and its periodic cooldown has been increased to 14 seconds (was 8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s periodic and total healing have been increased by 125%, and its periodic damage has been reduced by 33%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felblade]'s periodic and total healing have been reduced by 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Felstorm] is now available to all priests at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following talents have had their power adjusted to make them more attractive to players of all levels. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heroic Presence]: Increases the duration of [Divine Steed] and [Charge] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sanctuary]: While not in combat, the Priest will not be temporarily isolated from his or her target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following abilities now require [Shadowfiend], [Shadowstrike], [Summon Shadowflame], or [Shadowfury] in addition to their base effects: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Angelic Feather]: [Divine Steed] and [Holy Light] have a 20% increased chance to summon a Shadowflame, causing all damage dealt to the enemy target by 5% and each additional tick of Holy Light dealt to the enemy target by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Angelic Feather]: While [Shadowfiend] is active, the cooldown of [Shadowstrike] is reduced by 60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra: Serenity] now increases healing done by [Serenity] by 6%/point of damage, up from 5%/point of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra: Harmony] now increases healing done by [Harmony] by 6%/point of damage, up from 5%/point of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra: Avenger] now increases healing done by [Avenger's Shield] by 10%/point of damage, up from 7%/point of damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra: Purify] now has a 3-minute cooldown, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chakra: Renew] now has a 3-minute cooldown, up from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following abilities now require [Void Tendrils]: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Abomination's Might]: Now also increases the damage of Might of the Necropolis by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Grimoire of Necrofantasia]: This talent now also grants a 3% increase to melee critical strike chance, up from 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Necrosis]: This talent now also applies to [Blast Wave], [Flametongue], [Frostbrand], [Hex], and [Shadowflame].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stasis]: All damage while this effect is active will also apply a movement snare effect that reduces movement by 90%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer]: Now also causes your next [Attack] or [Overpower] to deal additional damage based on the amount of damage you dealt before the threat of your Stun effect expired. The initial damage dealt is no longer affected by this threat generation change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For Destruction Warlocks, [Chaos Bolt] has been redesigned and renamed [Metamorphosis]. For more details, please see the blog titled: Dark Transformation: Warlocks in Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For Destruction Warlocks, [Rain of Fire] has been redesigned into [Hellfire], and now interacts with [Chaos Bolt] in that both can be cast while inside [Metamorphosis]. For more details, please see the Dark Transformation blog titled: Dark Transformation: Warlocks in Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For Destruction Warlocks, [Backdraft] has been redesigned into [Rituals of the Old War], and can now be cast while inside [Metamorphosis]. For more details, please see the Dark Transformation blog titled: Dark Transformation: Warlocks in Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For Destruction Warlocks, [Backdraft] has been redesigned into [Rituals of the Old War], and can now be cast while inside [Metamorphosis]. For more details, please see the Dark Transformation blog titled: Dark Transformation: Warlocks in Warlords of Draenor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * For Destruction Warlocks, [Flametongue] has been redesigned into [Frostbrand], and now interacts with [Chaos Bolt] in that both can be cast while inside}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Darkmoon Zeppelin]: When this item is destroyed or replaced, it will now give an error message instead of displaying a number.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Account lockout is no longer possible via the API.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added /joinrobin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The /search command will now work for all players in the channel, even if they have a different channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added support for Quick Join/Queue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added support for dropping all raid items in a channel (Command+R) without leaving the channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now increase the difficulty of random or no-quest enemies using Raise Easy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The performance slider feature has been disabled for users with graphics cards that are less efficient than previous versions of World of Warcraft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now adjust the map position in all major cities (Example: if you point your camera at your character portrait and fast travel location, the camera will be at the place where you were healed most).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added an option to lock picking tools at home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can now adjust the map position in all major cities (Example: if you point your camera at your character portrait and fast travel location, the camera will be at the place where you were healed most).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added an option to lock picking tools at work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added an option to display a bell on the minimap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All spells are now instant cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Recasting a spell that has completed casting will now auto-cast the appropriate scroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Loot sparkle will now occasionally disappear when sorting mail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed sorting of set items in auction house by item value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed sorting of set items in auction house by any item value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue where multiple buffs were applied to an item and were never removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Items with set bonuses will now automatically show their set bonuses when the item is unequipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to remove buffs from items in a player's bank, bound to their character sheet, or in the auction house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Barbershops will now accept the same items as other merchants, and will show set bonuses of the appropriate rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The herb vendor now sells an herb to players in the area directly in front of her shop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be able to remove the disenchanting effect of a Fire Titan until they have completed the disenchanting process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Aeons can no longer be targeted using spells and ranged attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player Spells that target an entire group of enemies will now affect all creatures with the same targeting exception: Area Spells that target entire groups of enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be attacked by same faction guards when in a group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If an instant cast spell is used on a target which will not be affected by interrupts, teleports, and other effects, the spell will now cast immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Glyph panel has been added to the vendor interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs panel items can now be renamed. This will help new players who get their spell/ability points confused when they are presented with the option of buying a spell/ability off the vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for the [Nexus] now shows the buyback tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Glyph panel is now the vendor interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph icons will now show up under the item graphics in the user interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will no longer be attacked by same faction guards when in a group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Glyph panel is now the vendor interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph icons will now show up under the item graphics in the user interface when a spell/ability is on a piece of gear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for the [Chromatic Boots] now shows the cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for the [Marksman's Bow] now shows the ranged attack speed bonus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Blackmail'ed Leather Spaulders] and [Wyrmbane Gloves] now have stats more appropriate for cloth wearers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Glyph of Invisibility] now works properly when the Hunter's pet is affected by Invisibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Sun] will now properly affect the damage of Invisibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for the [Fanatic's Silk Gloves] now shows the bonus spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Rejuvenation will no longer cause spell critical strikes to trigger its effect twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for the [Glyph of Lifebloom]'s effect "When refreshed, this effect will replace an existing [Lifebloom] effect that has been removed by [Devouring Plague]." is now written correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Glyph of Replenishment will no longer prevent [Death Coil] from being instantly refreshed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tool tip for [Spark of Life]'s rank 4 tooltip is now properly bold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shard of Flame] will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Abilities and Bonuses}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are many new abilities and bonuses that can be found in the Broken Isles. These are just some of the many new abilities that can be found in Broken Isles. Look for class-specific information in the forums.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACKTEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 4-piece raid bonus now triggers from any character class kill instead of just pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 5-piece raid bonus for level 100 characters now also works for the 5-piece bonus of the 5-player variant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 10-piece raid bonus for level 100 characters now also works for the 10-piece bonus of the 10-person variant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 15-piece raid bonus now also works for the 15-piece bonus of the 15-person variant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 20-piece raid bonus now also works for the 20piece bonus of the 10-person variant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The 25-piece raid bonus now also works for the 25-piece bonus of the 10-person variant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Legendary Quest Icon for Serpentshrine Cavern now correctly appears in the Legendary quest notebook.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CAVERNS OF TIME: HEROIC BLACK MORASS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rift Keepers and Twilight Residues now have fewer hit points.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COILFANG: THE UNDERBOG}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Underbat in Heroic difficulty now deals less damage with his damage-over-time effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COILFANG: STEAMVAULT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Coilfang Defenders are now in Heroic difficulty instead of Challenge mode.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COILFANG: SERPENTSHRINE CAVERN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Underbog Guardian in Heroic difficulty no longer deals damage with his damage-over-time effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HOLIDAYS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Days: Ashran and Salem's Gift}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SATURDAYS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [PALADIN] set bonus now grants 100% extra attack power when [Flash of Light] activates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [ROGUE] set bonus effect has been improved so that it should work more consistently and take less time to cast. It now grants 100% extra damage instead of giving an additional attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of paladin abilities that triggered from healing done by other players now also work while the priest is sitting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [SAVED] buff granted by the Destroyer's Assault ability now reliably resets the swing timer of the [Hammer of the Righteous] or [Imperial Falcon] on Heroic difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Sabotage devices are no longer acquireable until level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Constructs that require a Lieutenant's Rank of the Construct Quartermaster ability in Engineering or Science now have a greater chance of getting that ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering: [Fused Wiring] and [Nethershrike] now require 2 Lieutenant's to be correctly purchased, and require 3 Electrons to be correctly granted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering: Explosive Sheep do more damage in Heroic difficulty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Goblin engineers now have a greater chance of getting an engineering skill of at least Basic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Goblin engineers can now perform partial disaspects on creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Goblin engineers can now perform a partial disaspect on a single target, resulting in a single disorient effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Reduced the cooldown of the [Bargewader] ability to 10 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Goblin engineers can now perform a partial disaspect on a single target, resulting in a single disorient effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The bonus damage provided by the [Drums of Forgotten Kings] and [Drums of the Wild] ability has been reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The bonus damage provided by the [Drums of Forgotten Kings], Drums of the Wild, and [Drums of the Swarm] ability has been reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The bonus damage provided by the [Drums of the Wild] and [Drums of the Swarm] ability has been reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Reduced the cooldown of the [Eminence] and [Eminence]/Hours ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Flamewaker Arakkoa will now wait slightly longer before casting its Flame Shock spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Flamewaker Arakkoa now has a slight delay before casting Flame Shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fused Wiring] spell has been reactivated on the Engineer Golem. This will disable it if it is pulled within 5 seconds of its activation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Forge Fire] insignia now correctly sets the recipient for the entire team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Heavy Netherweave Net] will now disable if its wearer is ever killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Pyroblast Bomb] will no longer give Flamewaker Guardians a chance to generate more threat than necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Scorch Bomb] will now only stun appropriate targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Talon Blow] ability has had some adjustments made to it to prevent it from being used just to blow stuff up, you know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * [Gnomish Universal Remote] functionality has been improved to be more consistent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spiritual Attunement] now grants at-kills to the affected target, and their party or raid members, instead of a fixed-at-time effect that must be activated by a specific spell cast. It does not transfer any types of damage, and does not cause Invisibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Embrace] duration increased to 15 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] is no longer considered a disease, and is no longer contagious, works the same, and does not require the target to be struck with the spell in order to be afflicted. It also spreads much more quickly than expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] base duration is now 15 seconds (was 10 seconds) and maximum duration is 40 seconds (was 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now start on the ground at target location, and travel at 50% of normal range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Tendrils] now have a spell overlay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now deals 130% weapon damage (was 100% weapon damage), and no longer hits additional targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] is now considered a disease, and spreads via touch damage, has no healing factor, and is no longer contagious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Bolt] now deals 130% weapon damage (was 100% weapon damage), and no longer hits additional targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Doom] now reduces the cooldown of Doom and Call Imp as well as the duration of the Call Imp effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Fireball] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Flaming Shadow] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Flay] is now a Major Glyph, and updates [Mind Flay] tooltip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shadow] is now a Minor Glyph, and updates [Shadow Word: Pain]'s [Shadow] effect to better match its visual. The effect this has on [Backstab] remains unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Sprint] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph of Spirit of Redemption has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Templar's Verdict] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Priest Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a cleansing or calming spell while a party member is afflicted by [Mind Flay]'s [Seal of Insight] effect shouldn't cause combat pet abilities to trigger Innervate, [Divine Hymn], or [Divine Steed] (the targeted pet should no longer be highlighted under the appropriate UI).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Power Word: Shield] while under the affects of [Mind Spike] should no longer cause the Priest to be stuck with the Power Word: Shield effect that's already active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Guardian Spirit] talent can no longer be used to remove movement impairing effects that interfere with receiving a shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warning: [Divine Aegis] can no longer be cast while [Divine Hymn] is already active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Stealing damage with [Prayer of Mending] should no longer cause the Priest's [Mind Sear] ability to trigger a cooldown for Mind Sear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Shackle Undead] effect of the Priest's spell [Mind Rip] is now properly considered a Snare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting [Surge of Light] while [Shadow Word: Pain] is already on the target should no longer cause the Surge of Light effect to be removed without benefit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Surge of Light has a 0.75 second cast time, and its duration has been reduced to 12 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Surge of Light] triggers immediately after [Mind Spike] and before any other movement enhancing effect (was 3 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shackle Undead] will now provide a +15% damage bonus to [Prayer of Mending] and [Guardian Spirit] to help compensate for it taking longer to cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Dance]: This ability will now always be interrupted by the start of an action, even if the start time is not up yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] now breaks root and snare effects. It also now has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] no longer cancels using an ability when used in conjunction with [Sap], [Garrote], or [Pulverize].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunters will no longer get stuck on platforms if they die early.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Beast Mastery: [Dire Beast] now affects level 36 pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Multi Shot] has been removed and replaced with [Dire Frenzy]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Multi Shot] has been redesigned. It now automatically triggers attacks from all out of the pet's attacks when out of combat. In addition, this ability no longer has a minimum range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tame Beast]: This taming ability will no longer cause conflicts with other taming abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Viper Trap] is now a passive effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wild Quiver]: This item now has a 1-second fuse requirement for traps found in the wild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Mastery: Icicles] now increases damage dealt by [Frost Nova], [Ring of Frost], and [Ring of Fire] by 4% per stack (instead of 3% and 10% damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Frost]: The area damage of this spell has been increased to 965, up from 935. In addition, the ring's duration has been increased to 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Ring of Frost is no longer available via a talent, and is instead a passive talent available to all Frost mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Frost]: The ring's duration has been increased to 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ring of Fire]: The ring's duration has been increased to 15 seconds, up from 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Presence of Mind]: This talent now also prevents [Polymorph] from being dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Spellsteal]: Stealing a target with [Molten Armor] will now always consume the [Heavy Flurry] buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage of this spell has been reduced by 4/8%, and its healing has been reduced by 15/25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Void Bolt]: This spell now hits a target even if they are immune to the dispel effect, and the damage of its initial hit has been reduced by 8/16%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage of this spell has been reduced by 4/8%, and its healing has been reduced by 15/25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Evocation]: This talent now provides 4/8/12/16/20% more benefit per point of Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Fire Bolt]: No longer increases the damage of your [Fire Bolt] spells. Instead it now reduces the global cooldown on your Fire Bolt spells by 2/4/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Frost Bolt]: No longer increases the damage of your Frost Bolt spells. Instead it now reduces the cooldown on your Frost Bolt spells by 2/4/6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Molten Armor]: This talent now provides 8/16/25% additional benefit to a point of Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyroblast]: The damage of your [Blizzard] spells has been reduced by 6/12/18%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Presence of Mind]: This talent now has a maximum of 4/8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}