{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5 Patch Notes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      As this patch brings us to a new balance, druids will have to rework their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       rotations to make room for more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Moonfire] is now only available to Balance druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Balance druids can choose to learn [Starsurge] at level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Balance druids can learn Starsurge at level 40, in place of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Searing Totem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Balance druids who choose to learn Starsurge at level 40 can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          learn it at level 60, in place of [Totem of the Dawn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Balance druids who choose to learn Starsurge at level 60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          can learn it at level 80, in place of [Totem of the Dawn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Balance druids who choose to learn Starsurge at level 80}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          can learn it at level 100, in place of [Totem of the Dawn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Totems can now be learned at level 36, in place of [Totem of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Dawn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Totems with a charge no longer consumes a charge of [Eclipse] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Auspicious Spirits] now has a duration of 8 seconds, up from 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Binding Heal] no longer generates energy if the target does not die.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Improved Barrage] now has a duration of 8 seconds, up from 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Dizzying Haze] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Gift of the Naaru] now also causes Barrage to have a 4-second cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Healing Sphere] now has a duration of 8 seconds, up from 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Tranquility] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nether Shock] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Starfire] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Summon Jade Serpent Statue] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wailing Caverns] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Talent: [Unle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5 Patch 7.2.5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Release Notes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Researching recipes has been updated to require}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          either a Blacksmith or an Inscription Master.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All blacksmithing recipes that were previously}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          limited to one use are now available to two uses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * An Inscription Master has been added to the Thunder Bluff}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Mechanical City. He will teach you the schematics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           to create up to four items, and allow you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           purchase additional items for 3000 gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Researching professions has been updated to require either a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blacksmith or an Inscription Master.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 QUESTS & CREATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are now 10 Mythic Keystone Dungeons (including the one at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 end of Warlords of Draenor expansion).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEMPEST KEEP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mythic Keystone Dungeons are now available to level-90 characters who}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 choose to take on the challenges in each.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRAENOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are now 10 Mythic Keystone Dungeons (including the one at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 end of Warlords of Draenor expansion).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KARAZHAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are now 10 Mythic Keystone Dungeons (including the one at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 theend of Warlords of Draenor expansion).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TEMPEST KEEP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mythic Keystone Dungeons are now available to level-90 characters who}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 choose to take on the challenges in each.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players can now earn additional rewards in PvP, including new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anvils, weapons, and pets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MISTWEAVER PLATEAU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new achievement and reward for achieving Mythic Keystone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeons and Raid Finder Wing 1 has been added.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All classes and specializations now have a quest hub located in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World. Characters can visit this hub to start a quest chain that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transforms them into a different version of their Artifact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALLIGATOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All classes and specializations now have a quest hub located in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World. Characters can visit this hub to start a quest chain that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transforms them into an alternate version of their Artifact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All classes and specializations now have a quest hub located in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World. Characters can visit this hub to start a quest chain that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transforms them into an alternate version of their Artifact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALLIGATOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All classes and specializations now have a quest hub located in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World. Characters can visit this hub to start a quest chain that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 transforms them into an alternate version of their Artifact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder mode is now available to level-90 characters in Raid Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and Heroic difficulty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SUPPORT THE ILLINAI}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your loyal supporters, you don't want to miss out! Support the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Illidan Stormrage and the Illidan Stormpike through a series of new in-game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 events and rewards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MYTHIC KEYSTONE DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level-90 characters can now take on the challenge of facing 12 new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bosses and two new Mythic Keystone bosses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SUPPORT THE KODA}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Help the Alliance and the Horde fight the Kodo again! Every hour on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A[New Year's] Day, you can unlock the ability to enter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kodo War Room, where you'll take on the role of the Kodo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MYTHIC KEYSTONE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mythic Keystone Dungeons are now open! Level-90 characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can now face the following}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5a]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Added a new level 60 quest for players who are not already at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               maximum level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Most class abilities that deal damage to one or more nearby targets now deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    double damage against one or more nearby targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several talent spell effects that trigger from taking damage now have the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ability to deal additional damage based on their original source.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death's Advance] now increases the death knight's movement speed by 75% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rime] now lasts 6 seconds (down from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte] now reduces the damage your opponents deal to you by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          20% (down from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Blight] now lasts 6 seconds (up from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonfire] now deals 65% weapon damage (down from 90%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starfire] now increases damage done by the target by 35% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 25%), and increases the damage the target takes from you by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          25% (up from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Starfire] now increases the damage done by the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       35% (up from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Balance druids were able to get stuck at a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dead zone and were unable to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Stealth] now increases movement speed by 25% (up from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hunt for the Wild] now has an 11-slot Primal Item category.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Swift Flight] is now correctly noted as having a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       two-day cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where Hunter pets were jumping out of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       way when they moved in and out of combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  MAGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Blast] now deals 75% more damage, and has a 12-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Protection] will now properly consume the buff when cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a spell alert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 10-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 6-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 15-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 30-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 6-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 15-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 6-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 15-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 6-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 7-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] now has a 4-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blizzard] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blizzards now have a base duration of 8 seconds (up from 7 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Blizzards now have a 6 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Druids in Cat Form can now pull off the front of their trunks when walking on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Starfire]'s stun effect is now persistent, with the ability to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    removed by canceling the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shapeshifting abilities which cancel shapeshift form now deal damage over time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shapeshifting spells which cause a player to leave one's current shapeshift}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    form now deal damage over time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shapeshifting spells which cause a player to emit a shrill scream now deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage over time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Shot] damage over time has been increased by approximately 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] now can be learned at level 28.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Hawk] now can be learned at level 36, and will show up in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    combat log at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Fox] now can be learned at level 36, and will show up in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    combat log at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] is now learned at level 36, and can be learned only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] cooldown has been reduced to 6 rounds, from 10 rounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] no longer has a minimum range requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] will now show up in the combat log no matter what its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    current target is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] now requires a [Scatter Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] now shows its cooldown in the combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wild] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Hawk] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Hawk] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Fox] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Fox] now shows its cooldown in the combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Fox] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wolf] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wolf] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Horse] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Horse] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Monkey] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Monkey] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Pony] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Pony] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Red Dragon] now requires a [Multi-Shot] to be cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Red Dragon] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Teal] is now learned at level 36, and can be learned only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Teal] now requires a [Scorpid Poison] cast to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Tongue] is now learned at level 36, and can be learned only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Tongue] now requires a [Scorpid Poison] cast to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Whale] is now learned at level 38, and can be learned only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Whale] now requires a [Scorpid Poison] cast to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wind Serpent] is now learned at level 38, and can be learned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once per day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aspect of the Wind Serpent] now has an additional requirement of 35 Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Binding Heal] now has a cast time of 1.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cure Poison] has been changed to heal for a percentage of damage that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    would have been dealt if the target were immune to Poison effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entangling Roots] is now learned at level 28, and can be learned only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World of Warcraft: Patch 8.2.5)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tiny Crystal Veins]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent: [Empowered Nourish]: Your [Rejuvenation] and [Regrowth] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       effects heal for an additional 25% of your maximum health over 6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unleash Flame]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Talent: [Unleashed Rage]: Your [Rejuvenation] and [Regrowth] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       effects each have a 15% chance to reduce the cooldown of your Rejuvenation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       and Regrowth by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aggression] (Protection) now also grants 15% increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage from auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Blood Hunt] (Protection) now also grants 15% increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             damage from auto attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Adrenaline Rush] now increases the duration of Adrenaline Rush by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       1.5 seconds, down from 2.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Amani Brew] now causes your [Brew of Stranglethorn] to grant you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased movement speed and reduce the mana cost of [Flurry], [Recklessness] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and [Slam].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Alchemical Brew] (Affinity) now increases your spell haste by 5%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Amplify Nature] (Argent Druid) now increases your spell haste by 5%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Anchor Weed] (Argent Hunter) now causes your [Stealth] ability to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    tick significantly faster, reduces the mana cost of [Stealth], and increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the movement speed of you and your [Stealth] target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Barkskin] no longer increases the damage of your [Smoke Bomb], but now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases the chance your [Smoke Bomb] will not be dispelled by 20%, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Call of the Wild] (Restoration) now increases healing for you by 25%, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Crown of the Ancients] (Restoration) now increases your spell damage by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    15% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dragon's Breath] (Restoration) now also increases the damage of your next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damaging Fire spell by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eclipse] (Restoration) now increases your spell haste by 5% (was 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eye of the Storm] (Restoration) now increases your movement speed by 30% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Furor] (Restoration) now also increases the damage of your next damaging}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shadow spell by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flamestrike] (Restoration) now has a chance to stun the target for 2 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    If the target does not die, the ability is still effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of the Ancients] (Restoration) now increases your spell damage by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    15% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of the Wild] (Restoration) now deals 175% weapon damage (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insect Swarm] (Restoration) now has a chance to stun the target for 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    sec. If the target does not die, the ability is still effective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insect Swarm] has been renamed [Swipe] and now deals 175% weapon damage (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Insect Swarm] no longer has a chance to stun the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Kayn in the Forest] (Restoration) now increases your chance to hit with }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Stealth] by 20% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Shield] (Restoration) now absorbs 30% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Master's Call] (Restoration) now also increases the damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}}