{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's no secret that we like having more variety in our itemization systems. After all, you never know what you might find in a mail slot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ventriloquism now correctly breaks the target's guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Attack! will no longer cause players to jump down 2 levels when it deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Consortium for the Blind, a guild of highly trained parrots, have launched an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 effort to raise funds to bring the flights of flying squirrels to life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Portal in Blackrock Depths contains a much larger amount of treasure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now access this treasure through the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WAY TO INVADE THE WORLD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players can now visit their faction's capitals and towns to initiate an adventure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mac}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Raid Finder will support Mac clients up to 1.6.0.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Main article: Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 10.4.9, you can find the latest Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 features by searching for "MacOSX" in the search box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MacOS X 10.4.9 supports MacOS X 10.4.9 as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Original Elite Hunter mount!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R.O.U.T.A!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The UI for mounting a raid corpse using mounts has been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can no longer enter the combat log while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you mount and release the player, they will now be able to see the mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   ingredient for you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items that can be equipped are now sorted according to class in the inventory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       options. All item choice options are available in the Options menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * As a side effect of this change, players will no longer be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disconnect depending on the quality of the Battleground they are in.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   NEW FACTION: ARDRON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ardron is a new faction that will allow you to customize your character with a new set of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 character features, including:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character customization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All professions and specializations have been expanded with the addition of new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 factions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       WE ARE NOW A GROUP OF TALENTED GROUPS WHO PREACHES THE LAW OF NATURE AND VALOR AS WELL AS PVP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * We're looking for a group of players who are tough as nails and also some who may just be able to shed a few too many tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * We're a group of players who follow the adventures of Queen Azshara. As such, we're a bit of a collection of professions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Queen Azshara herself is a player-created encounter that can be found in icy Craggy Paths in Ashenvale. As such, players can make use of her unique abilities and play to win the encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The best part? (Item #7692) is an item that just so happens to be on the same plane as the Wracked item that spawned him!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Level-60 Ability: [Ritual of Summoning]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Summons a random raid or world raid boss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Cooldown is 1 minute, duration is 1 minute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW QUEST: THE ARGENT DUNGEON - [70] FALLING STARS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now do anything you want with the Heart of Argent Dawn. In this new quest, your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Party or Raid will travel to the Heart of Argent Dawn to face the Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence Power-Up Pack, and defeat him to gain access to the Heart of Argent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diligence, a new Argent Dawn Power-Up Pack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       NEW FEATURE: FACTION BANK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Once the player has established a reputation with at least one faction in Undercity, they will be able to open the account details of the other faction's bank to deposit funds and send/received items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * This new feature is available for players at Honored or Revered reputation levels, and is opt-in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * By using this feature, players can prove that they are a true supporter of a given faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        PRIEST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       We've updated the wording of several abilities to clarify their function and intended behavior. To date, twenty-three abilities have been changed from passive to active abilities, and three of those have been multi-passive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       A new item that drops from the new enemy faction warbosses in Eastern Kingdoms is the [Fiery Warsteel].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Collect this powerful weapon and wield it to become the deadliest warrior in all of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zeeland.}}