{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new quest has been added to complete for players on the Isle of Thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players who complete the quest " [90] Thundering Point" will receive a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          rare [Thundering Point Cap] item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Thundering Point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The area around Thundering Point has been widened and the area around }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Thundering Point has been widened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The area around Thundering Point is no longer locked around certain areas}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          and now has an internal collision radius.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The area around Thundering Point has been split into three separate zones: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Dorms: This zone will allow players to roam the zone while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               staying outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Spires: This zone will allow players to venture out while staying inside}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               while staying in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Mists of Pandaria: This zone will allow players to enter the room while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              staying in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Kodo'le Jungle area has been widened to allow more room for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             other creatures to enter the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GUILDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All bosses in Mogu'shan Vaults now drop all different type loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dampening Aura now only affects the most recently released dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    patch notes. It will not affect items in your inventory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon - Bonus Critical Rating now applies to critical strike damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon - Bonus Spell Critical Rating now applies to spell critters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon - Fixed a bug that caused the normal critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The damage bonus to [Relentless Strikes] has been reduced to 15/30/45%, down from 25/50/60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entangling Roots] damage has been reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Freezing Trap] will no longer cause periodic critical strikes to trigger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    periodic critical strikes from [Riposte].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entangling Roots] cast time has been reduced to .5 seconds, down from .7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Entangling Roots] can no longer trigger periodic critical strikes from [Riposte].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Freezing Trap] damage has been reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Entangling Roots]: This glyph has been redesigned into a new Glyph which}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases [Entangling Roots]'s duration to 60 seconds. Entangling Roots now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    deals damage based on the casting weapon's attack power, and increases damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    dealt to the target's target by 50% in addition to its current effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Fade]: This glyph now causes [Frost Nova] to generate a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    charge of Frost Nova for each Entangling Roots spell cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icy Veins]: This glyph now causes [Icy Veins]'s cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to to to extend Icy Veins by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icy Growth]: This glyph now causes [Icy Growth]'s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cooldown to extend Icy Growth by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icy Touch]: This glyph now causes [Icy Touch]'s cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to to extend Icy Touch by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Life Tap]: This glyph now causes [Life Tap]'s cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to to extend Life Tap by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Rapid Decay]: This glyph has been redesigned and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases damage done by the druid by 25/50/70% for 6 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Rupture]: This glyph has been replaced with [Glyph of Rupture]. This}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    glyph increases the druid's chance to critically hit with Rupture by 25/50% for 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Thunder]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Dream of Cenarius] now increases the healing of auto-attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               spells by 30% (down from increasing the global damage of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               spell).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Dream of the Ox]: The healing that this talent grants to [Seed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Harvest] has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Heart of the Phoenix]: This talent no longer causes the pet's attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               power to be affected by periodic damage effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Nightfall]: This talent no longer applies a snare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Piercing Howl]: Now heals the Druid for every healing effect that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             would have been absorbed (down from a 50% increase to the Druid's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             healing).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shield of the Pack]: The damage from this talent no longer applies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Warbringer]: The damage from this talent is now affected by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Druid's agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Pets }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Peculiar Shot]: The damage from this talent is now affected by the Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            agility talent [Ambush], in addition to its normal effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Scatter Shot]: The damage from this talent is now affected by the Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            agility talent [Sprint].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Storm, Earth, and Fire]: The damage from this talent is now affected}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Enhancement }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Astral Communion] now reduces the cooldown of [Astral Power] by 90 seconds (up from 90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Astral Power] now increases the direct damage done by your Flash}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Power by an additional 10% (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chain Heal] now heals for an additional 15% (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Starshards] no longer increases healing for [Chain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Healing].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Starshards] no longer increases healing for [Holy Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Starshards] now increases the healing of [Chain Lightning] by an additional 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Staggering Monsoon] no longer instantly heals for an additional 15% (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Soothing Mist] (Azeroth) now heals for an additional 15% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Enlightenment] and [Holy Nova] now increase [Stagger] and [Thrash] damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         with no additional application cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Reverberation] no longer increases [Stagger] or [Thrash] damage with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the additional 3% increase to Stagger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Strength of Earth Totem] and [Earthbind Totem] no longer preserve}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Portal in Blackrock Depths contains a much larger amount of treasure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now access this treasure through the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glowing Raiment \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Glowing Raiment items provide an additional bonus to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 your Hunter pet's attack power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Learn more about the new loot in the following sections.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Finder}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dungeon Finder supports Dungeon groups of up to 5 players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dungeon Group includes all the item levels of common items, as well as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 as item level of rare items.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In addition to the Dungeon Group, the Dungeon Group allows you to search for quests through the Dungeon Finder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quests that require a specific class, item level, and/or role are not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 able in groups of more than 5 players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Raid Finder allows you to search for raid bosses, dungeons, and raids in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the world on the fly. You can earn as many rewards from these raids as you can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Raid Finder also supports searching for specific dungeons, rather than just the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 most difficult of them. Also, searching for specific dungeons requires you to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 have completed all the required quests, so it's best to experiment!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mac}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Raid Finder will support Mac clients up to 1.6.0.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Main article: Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 10.4.9, you can find the latest Mac OS X 10.4.9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 features by searching for "MacOSX" in the search box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MacOS X 10.4.9 supports MacOS X 10.4.9 as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can find the latest Mac OS X 10.4.9 support by visiting the Software Update}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 depots located in your user interface (such as the Command Prompt).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MacWorld Environment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The MacWorld Environment client now supports the following environments:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 US}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AU}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AUIS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For more information on how to setup a Mac World Environment, please visit the Macworld}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 World Environment forum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC 10.4.9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following features are not enabled by default in this operating system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Mac should now recognize the features as disabled by default. If you notice any of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 before they are enabled, you can turn off them by disabling them by setting them to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 UI Options}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Deadlight]: This glyph can now cause the Beacon of Light to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              reapplied by 1 second after the Beacon of Light has been used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Beacon of Winds]: This glyph can no longer cause the Beacon of Winds to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           prevent the Druid from using [Tiger's Fury].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Deathbloom]: The effects of this glyph will no longer sometimes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           be applied to the Druid while under the effects of [Infected Wounds].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Frenzied Regeneration]: The healing from this glyph can no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          sometimes trigger [Infected Wounds].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Hex]: The Hex spell from Glyph of Hex no longer causes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          a movement penalty when used by bears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Icebound Fortitude]: This glyph can now cause [Icebound}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Fortitude] to apply to the Hunter's own base damage instead of the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          base damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mending]: This glyph can now cause Mend the Needle to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          extend the healing effect of Mending to other targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Pet]: This glyph can now cause Mend the Pet to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          become friendly with the Hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Wand]: This glyph can now cause Mend Wand to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          reapply the cooldown on Mend Wand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Spell]: This glyph can now cause Mend Spell to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Elemental }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  * Enhancement }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * General }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Earthbind Totem] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * General }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Earthbind Might] now causes Physical damage to secondary targets (up from physical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Earth Shield] now causes Physical damage to secondary targets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                (down from physical damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Sanctity Aura] now lasts 20 seconds (up from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CONNECTED REWARDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new chapter of Warlords of Draenor is now available. This time, the players in a given raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           will have access to the benefits of all-new PvP bylaws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The new bylaws allow for: (a) any Warlords Artifact to be dispelled as a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instant-cast spell (without consuming the Power Word: Shield effect), (b) [Enslave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Crane] can now be dispelled, [Frostweave Armor] can no longer be dispelled, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Shadow Word: Pain] can no longer be dispelled, [Vampiric Touch] can no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          be dispelled, and [Vampiric Touch] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mace Specialization]: Now grants only 2 runic power (down from 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          runic power).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unbreakable Will]: Costs no Runic Power and, in addition to being instant,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ignores all threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wand Specialization]: Now grants only 2 runic Power (down from 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          runic power).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Dungeon Finder }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Siege of Niuzao's Lair has been adjusted to allow for easier}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             scaling of the daily cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Quickness] now grants benefit to spells and abilities that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          cause a critical strike, such as Arcane Explosion, Arcane Explosion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          , Arcane Barrage, and Arcane Explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Blast] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Arcane Explosion] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cone of Cold] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Deep Freeze] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Nova] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbolt] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbrand] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbrand] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Barrier] now deals energy based damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Combustion] can now proc from [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dispersion] can now proc from [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Stream Totem] can now proc from [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hurricane] can now proc from [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Lava Burst] can now be used in [Frost Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Tide Totem]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACHIEVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Auchindoun's Decapitator]: The damage-over-time effect of this item will now scale properly on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ranged weapons as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cascade Glint]: The damage-over-time effect of this item will now scale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly on ranged weapons as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deathstrike]: The damage-over-time effect of this item will now scale properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on ranged weapons as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Wounds]: The damage-over-time effect of this item will now scale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly on ranged weapons as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Wounds]: The damage-over-time effect of this item will now scale properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on ranged weapons as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dustweave Bracers] (Orc): Can now be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elixir of Greater Healing]: No longer causes additional threat when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Elixir of Healing is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eradication Elixir]: Now provides critical strike rating as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elixir of Greater Stamina]: Now provides critical strike rating as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Elixir of Greater Versatility]: Now provides critical strike rating as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gnomish Mind Control Cap]: This item now provides critical strike rating}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    as intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Magic Hat]: The bonus damage from the items listed on the item tooltip has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased to 50/100%, up from 20/40/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nightmare Hood]: The bonus damage from the items listed on the item tooltip has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been increased to 50/100%, up from 20/60/80%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pet damage and scaling has been adjusted for pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Primal Tenacity] and [Primal Fury]: These effects can now occur on pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rend: Shadow will no longer sometimes use [Cloak of Shadows].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rake]: The damage from this pet will now be dazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip]: Rake's damage has been increased to 60%, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seed of Corruption]: Now causes a bleed effect with a chance to trigger all the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Linker]: Damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Titan's Grip] now increases damage by 50%, down from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Spell Reflection] is a new passive ability for Restoration Druids. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * 1. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * 2. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Twilight Ward] and [Heart of the Wild] now have new icons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MONK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blink Monks] has been redesigned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Blink now causes the Monk's abilities to also apply to nearby enemies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             afflicted with his or her Monks' Mistweaver debuff, and has a 45-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             cooldown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Mistweaver Rites now applies a 30-second cooldown for each of his or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               her Monks' Mistweavers' damaging abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Burst of Speed] now reduces the cost of Mistweaver Rites by 0.5% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          1.5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chimaera Resistance] now increases damage by 40% (down from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Earth's Grasp] now has a range of 15 yards (up from 10 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Firebound Fortitude] now increases your maximum mana by 30% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Moonfire] now has a range of 8 yards (was 5 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Moonfire Focus] now causes a 30-second cooldown (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Pendulum of the Fierce Tiger]'s area-of-effect has been increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Pendulum of the Spirited Crane]'s area-of-effect has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Pendulum of the Steady Hand] now increases the healing from }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              [Point of View] by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Moonfire] has been redesigned. It now increases the damage of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Moonfire by an additional 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Moonbeast]'s damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Sunbeast]'s damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Wise Serpent] has been redesigned. It now increases the damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of Moonfire by an additional 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Wrathful Moonbeast] has been redesigned. It now causes the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Wrathful Moonbeast to transform into an [Unshackled Sun] 30 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          later, dealing damage to all enemies within 10 yards, and stunning all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          enemies over 30 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Unshackled Sun] now causes the Wrathful Moonbeast to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          transform into an Unshackled version 30 seconds later, dealing damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This item now has the required racial stats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Bloodseeker] has been redesigned. It no longer benefits from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      bonuses from armor. Instead it increases your chance to hit with spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Poisons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Poisons added to weapons: [Unstable Affliction], [Nether Tempest], and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Heroin Infusion].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Druids now learn a new passive ability, [Vampiric Touch]. This ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      causes the druid to emit a sickly feeling that lasts for 15 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      This effect cannot occur more than once every 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nether Tempest] no longer triggers a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Heroin Infusion]: This item now grants a bonus to critical strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      chance instead of a flat amount of chance to avoid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Ranged Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rune Strike]: Now deals 50% weapon damage, but no longer deals damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      with melee attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shield Bash]: No longer causes a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warbringer]: This ability now grants a flat amount of rage to the warbringer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       when it critically strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mongoose Bite]: The tooltip for this ability has been adjusted to indicate that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    it is not a Water Walking Shout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip] no longer ignores the snaring effect from attack power scaling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rip]: The tooltip for this ability has been adjusted to indicate that it is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a Water Walking Shout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soothe]: The tooltip for this ability has been adjusted to indicate that it is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a Water Walking Shout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Everymanence]: Now deals 60% weapon damage, but no longer deals damage with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   [Eternal Flame]: As a 15-second cooldown (was a 25-second cooldown) on [Eternal Flame], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Chaos Bolt], [Fel Flame], and [Fel Spark], this talent now always generates 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Chaos Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Flame Shock]: Now also increases the range of [Flame Shock] by 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Flame Shock]: Now also increases the range of [Flame Shock] by 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Fire]: Now reduces damage taken from Ignite, [Flame Shock], [Lava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shock], [Lightning Bolt], [Lava Burst], [Lightning Overload] by 75% (was 70%) and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    has a 100-second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Frost Shock]: Now also increases the damage of [Frost Shock] by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Frost Shock]: Now also increases the damage of Frost Shock by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: The cooldown on this glyph has been reduced to 15 seconds (was 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Ice Lance: Now reduces the cooldown by 4 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 4 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 3 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 3 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: Now reduces the cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Overseer Rage]: can now trigger from this ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           instead of Slam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Versatility]: this talent now also grants the pet a passive bonus to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spell damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Updraft]: now grants 3/6/9/12/15% of the pet's master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s Versatility instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of being limited to a maximum of 3 passive effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Survivalist]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of base mana instead of 3/6/9/10% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Survivalist]: no longer increases Stamina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vigor]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of the pet's master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s Versatility instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of being limited to a maximum of 3 passive effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blink]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of mana regeneration instead of 3/6/8/10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blizzard]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of mana regeneration instead of 3/6/8/10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Cone of Cold]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of mana regeneration instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of 3/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Deep Freeze]: now grants 2/4/6/8/10% of mana regeneration instead of 3/6/8/10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of mana regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Frost Nova]: now grants 3/6/8/10% of mana regeneration instead of 3/6/8/10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honorable mentions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know this is going to be a long post, and that it may take some time for everyone to fully absorb all of the above, especially since we're still a very young team, and not many of you have actually seen the game or really been in touch with the people behind the concept. So, here it is, and for those of you who are fortunate enough to be able to take the time to read through the full post, please bear with us: the Tides of Vengeance is a very small but growing team, and will be further expanded upon in future patches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We'll continue to add to the depth of this out-of-the-box mechanic through the use of the new "Honorable Kills" feature, which gives players the opportunity to earn additional Honor upon earning a certain number of "Honorable Kills" from a given raid or dungeon boss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Along the way, players will unlock new zones and dungeons, and will gain new titles, titles, and titles. To begin, we want to make it clear that this is not an official launch of Tides of Vengeance, and that there will be no additional changes for those new to the game who try to enter these new zones or dungeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance Team}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance team is comprised of a full-time Dungeon Finder, an outside dungeon designer, and a dedicated dedicated Tides of Vengeance-related officer and officer's assistants.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in the Blackrock Depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Darnassus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance team is comprised of a full-time Dungeon Finder, an outside dungeon designer, and a dedicated dedicated Tides of Vengeance-related official officer and officialdom's assistants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The inside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Thunder Bluff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Ironforge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of Vengeance Team is comprised of a full-time Dungeon Finder, an outside dungeon designer, and a dedicated dedicated Tides of Vengeance-related officialdom's assistants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Feralas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Ironforge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Tides of mankind are located in the Eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The outside of Tides of Vengeance is located in Theramore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new dungeon for the level 70-80 raid and the beginning of the new year has been added! Players in Heroic Finder or Group Finder status can now start}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 this new challenge each week by accepting the quest, " [90] The Last Battle for Pandaria."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will need to complete the quest to progress into the new challenge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This new challenge is available to all players who have successfully completed the [Glyph of the Black Prince]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All players will need to complete the quest, " [120] The Last Battle for Pandaria" to progress into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Grimoires new challenge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death's Embrace] (new talent) - Allows the death knight to become immune to silence,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fear, interrupt, and fear trap effects while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bane of Immolation]: An ability that can be stacked on top of a [Blood Shield] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    trigger a critical effect has been removed from the death knight's talent tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death's Embrace]: The cooldown of this ability has been reduced to 30 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gore]: Now causes an immobilize effect and has a 10% (was 15%)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increased chance to proc it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorewalker]: This talent now grants 10/20/30% chance to Regrow at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek]: This pet ability now grants 10/20/30% chance to Regrow at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek Bite]: The movement speed reduction from this ability is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical (was dodge).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek Lacerate]: The critical strike chance reduction from this ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    has been reduced to 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek Slam]: The swing speed reduction from this ability has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced to 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek Versatility]: This ability now grants 10/20/30% chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    interrupt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek Wound]: The melee attack power reduction from this ability has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced to 4/8/12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the most problematic aspects of the new PVP rules is the way in which these rules are being applied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many players were unsure of the effect the changes to the PVP rules had on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules such as the Drunkenness, Drunkenness, and Dampenness rules. We did a comprehensive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 search of the PVP rules, and came up with four new rules that should be a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 comprehensive set of changes to the older Drunkenness, Dampenness, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dancing and Jogging rules. These rules are being applied to all types of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intoxication. Several of the older Drunkenness, Dampenness, and Dance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules have been re-evaluated, and many others have been adjusted. All of these}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rules will no longer be applied to [Vitality], [Pleasance], or [Frost Dance] Rogues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Spell Specialization: [Beacon of Light]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    GENERAL SPELLS/ABILITIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Spells that use the mana cost of another player's mana will now display the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       proper amount of the player's total mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    TALENTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The following talents now have a minimum rank requirement of 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Death Coil] no longer requires [Mana Spring Totem].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Fever] no longer requires [Frost Fever].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Ward], [Unholy Ward], [Unholy Light], and [Frostbolt] now have a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       3-minute cooldown (up from 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gore] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Obliterate] damage has been reduced by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Prowl] damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] damage has been reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slam] now deals 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Assassin's Strike] damage has been reduced by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Perm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Honor Among Thieves] (Assassination) no longer has a global cooldown, but now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              requires the player to be in a party or raid. The talent now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              deals damage with a small area of effectiveness with a 1-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hex of Weakness]: Now reduces damage taken by the druid by 10%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Tooltip updated to reflect the proper functionality of this talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hunter's Mark]: This spell will no longer sometimes incorrectly gain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          additional bonus threat from the damage dealt by the Hunter's Mark (Wild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Imps, Explosive Shot, etc.).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Kill Shot]: The ability used by this ability will now always trigger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          correctly when the ability deals damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Master Tactician]: Now properly increases the chance to dodge by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate]: The tooltip on this ability will now update correctly when used}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          on targets that are immune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pummel]: The tooltip on this ability will now update correctly when used}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          on targets that are immune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chain Heal] now correctly removes magic damage absorption, instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing absorption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Flash Heal]: This heal can now be triggered by periodic spell heals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Touch]: The tooltip for this ability will no longer sometimes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          incorrectly indicate it cannot be used on periodic heals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Avenger's Shield] should no longer break effects that prevent healing from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   caster spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Guardian Stones no longer require a guardian to summon when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players should no longer be unable to see their pets while in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Beasts of Prey and Prey on the Ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * If a player uses a movement speed slowing effect on a mount that's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             moving backwards, will now display the speed of the rider's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             speed-increasing spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Players will no longer be able to use environmental moving}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            items while moving backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Fixed a bug that caused many abilities to have too much range}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            when used by Beasts of Prey and Prey on the Ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Fixed a bug that caused many abilities to have too much range when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            used by Beasts of Prey and Prey on the Ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for Arcane Shot no longer incorrectly states that it is a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ranged attack. It is a ranged attack that grants Arcane Shot a range}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of 40 yards and a non-magical critical strike chance of 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Astral Recall] is now subject to diminishing returns in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Astral Recall] has a range of 20 yards and a critical strike chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blinding Light]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * A new icon has been added for items that can be traded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * An ability has been added that allows players to summon players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              their Garrison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Characters can summon players to their Garrison by completing a quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              that requires them to do so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * A new option has been added to Interface options that allows players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              display their Garrison's name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The option to display a detailed statistics buff icon has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * A new option to display a detailed cooldown icon has been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Feature for Characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * New tabard (Gold) can be purchased for [Sublime Text], [Jade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Oil], [Mint], [Garlic], or [Crackled] (the Silver and Black) by visiting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the Character Creation screen and selecting the Character tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Color Options for Black, White, and Green}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Fonts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Tabard options can be selected to display additional font}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            options for each character.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Tabard color options can be selected to display additional font}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by clicking the Tabard button on the character's name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New Color Options for Red, Green, and Yellow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Curse of the Elements] now affects [Dragon's Breath].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Nova] now does damage based on the strength of the Mage's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Frost Nova ability, instead of the normal periodic effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Nova] now deals damage based on the strength of the Mage's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Frost Nova ability, instead of the normal periodic effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Moon] now increases Moonkin and Warp for Moonkin and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Warp for Warp Mage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Voidwalker] now increases the duration of Voidwalker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ability by 2 seconds (up from 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Voidwalker]: Now increases the duration of Voidwalker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Voidwalker ability by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Voidwalker]: Now increases the mana cost of Voidwalker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ability by 3 (up from 2 mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The amount of honor provided by PvP trinkets has been reduced by 50% for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      all levels of the various PvP trinkets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Honor is now awarded for victories in Battlegrounds and Arena matches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Honor is now awarded for victories in Battlegrounds and Arena matches. REQUIRE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CONSOLIDATION AND REFINEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The following are some of the more extensive changes to rebalancing the way}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the game is run: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * All PvP trinkets have been converted into consumable items. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Tiger's Fury] now increases Strength by 30% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Typhoon] now costs 3 Chi (was 1 Chi).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Twilight Fever] now costs 30% more mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Trueshot] now lasts 12 seconds (was 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Unleashed Rage] now increases attack power by 2% per mastery (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The baseline attack power for all warriors with Leech is now 1.681776 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (was 1.681167).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Slam] now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Warbringer] now increases attack power by 2% per mastery (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unleashed Rage] now deals 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unleashed Rage] now increases attack power by 2% per mastery (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unleashed Rage] now increases attack power by 2% per mastery (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unleashed Rage] now increases attack power by 2% per mastery (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Titanic Might] now increases Strength by 30% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Typhoon] now costs 3 Chi (was 1 Chi).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DRUID}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       class abilities. For Druids, pruning focused on removing redundant niche}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       abilities, removing niche abilities that didn't make sense or needed a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       new or better or better use ability, and removing niche abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Dungeon Finder }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of challenges that a dungeon Finder offers has been adjusted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             to account for the number of players in the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now choose to complete a dungeon by completing the normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             normal or hard difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now choose to complete a dungeon by completing the normal or hard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players can now choose to complete a dungeon by completing the normal or hard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             difficult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of players in the group has been increased to 10,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             up from 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of players in the raid has been increased to 10, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of players in the instance has been increased to 10, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of players in the group has been increased to 10, up from 5,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The number of players in the group has been increased to 10, up from 5,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             down from 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Hard Modes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Normal difficulty has been replaced with the very first Raid Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             (Normal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now learn how to use the dressing room key in the Escape Mode window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between Durnholde and Stranglethorn Vale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between The Crossroads in Blackrock Depths and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Icecrown Citadel in The Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Stranglethorn and Ironforge has been modified to allow use of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New flight paths have been added between Nijel in Dalaran and Astranaar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now move closer to a character's character name in the interface window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now dismiss the game while in flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Magistrate Quackenbush in Blackrock Spire and Astranaar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    in Stranglethorn Vale has been modified to allow use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now teleport to a location that you can then exit the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path between Astranaar and the Blackrock Depths has been modified to allow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A number of flight paths have been modified to allow use of more vehicles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now use the dressing room key to interact with the auction window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now trade in the dressing room key for the dressing room key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now move up to two character names in the interface window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players with an invalid mail server could not access the auction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players who had set their mail server to Sendmail (Hellfire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Mail, Dragon Soul, etc.) could not access the system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players in GECK.NET could not create a mail server in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Visual Studio 2007 User Interface (Vista or Windows XP).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players could not access the auction interface in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Battlegrounds tab of the Auction House.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could cause the auction interface to not show up in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    interface options pane of the interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could cause an auction interface to be grayed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could cause the interface to not function properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that was causing the interface to not function properly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The item level of the Black Toothfish has been adjusted to match the item level of the                                      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Black Toothfish] (item level 496) has been adjusted to match the item level of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  the [Robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99Tec Primal Tiger].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The item level of the Dire Coralclaw the Cheetah's Tasty quest quest has been adjusted }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to match its higher item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The item level of the Dire Coralclaw the Cheetah's Secret Quest quest has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          adjusted to match its higher item level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dire Coralclaw's Secret Quest quest has been adjusted to match the item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          level of the item level of the item level of the Dire Coralclaw's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Tasty quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dire Coralclaw's Secret Quest quest reward has been adjusted to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          match the item level of the item level of the Dire Coralclaw's quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          reward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Dire Coralclaw's treasure chest has been adjusted to be more accessible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  BUG FIXES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some instances of the "Mangle" quest to not reset}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       automatically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that caused some quests to not properly reset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  BATTLE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blazing Speed] no longer resets the cooldown on [Blazing Speed].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blazing Barrage] can no longer be used to generate rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Consecration] and [Seal of Truth] can no longer be used to freeze or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         prevent spell critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blinding Light] now also increases the healing done by [Inquisition] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         50/100% (was 50/100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blinding Smoke] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blazing Speed] no longer resets the cooldown on [Blazing Speed].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blinding Wrath] can no longer be used to generate rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      PRIEST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Living Seed] now grants 10/20/30% of maximum mana regeneration to the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         while under the effects of [Shadow Protection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Mental Quickness] now grants 10/20/30% of maximum mana regeneration to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         target while under the effects of [Shadow Protection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Prayer of Fortitude] now grants 10/20/30% of maximum mana regeneration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         while under the effects of [Shadow Protection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Devouring Plague] now has a chance to proc off of a single target spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Mastery: Concentration] no longer lowers cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadowform] now increases armor by 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Surge of Light] now has a 45-second cooldown, down from 1 minute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Surge of Light no longer increases the range of [Shadowform] or [Surge of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Previously:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Wounds]: Now works with Gnomish's Eversider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Wounds]: Now works with Gnomish's Deathbloom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Wounds]: Now works with Deathbloom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Light of Dawn]: Now works with Weaken Wounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Shadows]: Now works with Shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Wrath of the Wounding Aura]: Now works with Wrath of the Wounding Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Wind Strikes]: Now works with Wind Strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Unholy Blight: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Wounds]: Now works with Weaken Wounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Wounds]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Weaken Strikes]: Now works with Weaken Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy Blight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Unholy Blight]: Now works with Unholy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Bug Fixes }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             after the transition from ground to high ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             after the transition from ground to high ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             after the transition from ground to high ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             after the transition from ground to high ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Fixed a bug that caused some terrain textures to appear incomplete in 3.3.1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * General }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Crown of Kings]: The effect from this item no longer triggers the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            cooldown on Crown Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Deep Wounds]: The effect from this item no longer triggers the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            cooldown on Crown Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Enrage]: The effect from this item no longer triggers the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            on Enrage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Improved Revenge]: The effect from this item no longer triggers the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            cooldown on Revenge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Protection }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shield Discipline]: The Discipline spell effect has been reduced to 75% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             base amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of Corruption]: The seal spell has been changed to affect all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             transferred through the wielder's Magic effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Toughness]: This talent now provides a 100% increase to movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             speed while in PvP combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ABILITY PRUNING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       See the ability pruning section above for discussion of why we're pruning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       class abilities. For druids, pruning focused on removing redundant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cooldowns, or removing niche abilities. For shaman, pruning focused}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       on removing side effects, or removing niche abilities. For mages, pruning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       focused on removing side effects, or removing niche abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shamanistic Rage]: The mana cost has been split between all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          different shamanistic abilities over the course of the past few expansions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shamanistic Toss]: The mana cost has been split between all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          different shamanistic abilities over the course of the past few expansions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shamanistic Vitality]: The mana cost has been split between all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          different shamanistic abilities over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demonic Embrace}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Shadowfiend's Demonic Embrace ability now only affects the Shadowfiend and does not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 damage the target.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BONUS EVENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world bosses have been added with their own unique bonus events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD QUESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new chapter of the Burning Crusade is now open! Journey to Darnassus, Lordaeron,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and all major cities with a population of over 9,000.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All classes now gain the benefit of all class-specific talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players who choose the Restoration specialization now have the ability to cast the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spell on themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 PvP items have been added to the auction house: [The Burning Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Set Card], [The Burning Crusade Set Card], [The Burning Crusade Set Card], and [The Burning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Crusade Set Card]. These new items increase your spell power, scaling with your level,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and increasing in power with your Magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Spell Ratings have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Artifact Spells added: [Shield of the Maker], [Dark Pact], [Gift of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Naaru], and [Dark Succubus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Artifact Spells added: [Eradication], [Holy Dance], and [Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Storm]. These new spells increase in power with your casting speed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Spell-Based Versatility: Ethereal, Devouring Plague, Immolate,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Fire, Frost, Lightning, and Thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Spell-Based Versatility: Immolation Aura, [Lightning Bolt], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Lightning Shield], [Lightning Shield Shock], and [Lightning Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Tier 10 Spell-Based Rage: [Devouring Plague], [Healing Grace], [Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Nova], and [Holy Radiance]. Each specialization grants different numbers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of these abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The damage dealt by [Deflection] has been reduced on every rotation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Radiance] now heals the player for 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Radiance] now heals for 90% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Radiance] now heals for 100% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Spells that cost [Empowered Power]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Threat of Thassarian] now also increases your damage by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             your targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Massive Heal] now heals for 100% (up from 75%) and the amount of healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             can be increased by 100%. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rapture] now heals for 1.5% (up from 1.5%), and increases the amount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             healed by 1.5% (up from 1.75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MONK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       General }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Pet] has been replaced with Mend Pet. The Mend Pet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ability is a baseline talent for all Monk Monks. When a Monk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          uses Glyph of Mend Pet to summon a Pet from a different plane of existence,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the Monk's summoned Pet will always be there when the Glyph of Mend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Pet is activated. In addition, Glyph of Mend Pet reduces the mana cost of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the pet by 25/50%, and increases the duration of the effect by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          100/150%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Pet: Summon Pet] is now a free Major Glyph that will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instantly summon a Pet from the shadows when used on a friendly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mend Pet: Mend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The interface options dialog has been split into an Options pane and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pane with options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unplugging headphones/headphones while in flight will no longer disconnect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Flight Log window will no longer show flight paths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The dropdown menu options are now properly hidden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Accepting a flight path with a check mark will no longer cause the flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    officer to put the player into combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Unplugging your speakers while in flight will no longer disconnect you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path details will now appear in the flight log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Trying to use a spell or ability in flight will no longer cause the flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    officer to put the player into combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path details will now appear in the flight log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path for "Settler's Map" will now work when you are in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    B2B or B3C world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path for "X-Wing Modules" will now work when you are in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    B2B or B3C world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The flight path for "X-Wing Training Manual" has been folded into the flight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The interface options dialog has been split into an Options pane and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    window with options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The UI for mounting a raid corpse using mounts has been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Raid members can no longer use the general auction interface to sell items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Player level 55 characters that are level 4 or above can no longer use the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Auction House.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quest UI has been changed to use the associated tooltips instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the quest log interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can no longer resurrect a character that was killed in combat when you are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can no longer enter the combat log while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you mount and release the player, they will now be able to see the mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   ingredient for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players would sometimes get stuck in the initial phase of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    quest if they had completed all step-by-step instructions for the quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug where players would sometimes have a hard time accepting the achievement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    " [Triumph of the Crusader]" given the guild credit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The tooltip for [Bear Form] will now update correctly from all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            healing spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Cyclone] (Bear Form): The Cyclone effect can no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         be triggered by critical strikes from periodic heals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Bear Form]: Now grants a 30% chance to generate Force}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Power while Cyclone is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Guardian Charge]: This talent now grants a 5% chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         generate a charge from each hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Guardian Charm]: Now grants a 5% chance to generate a charge from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         each hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Bear Form]: Now grants a 30% chance to generate a charge from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         each hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Maul]: The damage from this pet will no longer be increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Aberrations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nourish]: This spell now works with [Cat Form] and [Swift}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Recovery].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nature's Swiftness]: Now works with [Swiftmend].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nature's Focus]: Now works with [Cat Form] and [Swiftmend].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nature's Vigil]: Can no longer be a critical effect on [Hurricane].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nature's Wounds]: Fixed a bug where the healing provided by this talent was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         also reduced by the percentage of the spell's damage divided by its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         remaining duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nature's Splendor]: This talent now grants the pet bonus spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         critical strike chance instead of the base attack power per Holy spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Un}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Glyph of Ferocious Bite] now increases the damage done by your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Ferocious Bite] by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Flame Shock] now increases the damage done by your Flame Shock spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10% and your [Frost Shock] spell by 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Frenzied Regeneration] now increases the healing done by your Frenzied}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Regeneration spell by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Hydrocock] has been redesigned. It now causes your [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Shock] and [Frostbolt] abilities to reduce the cast time of your Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     Shock and Frostbolt spells by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: The damage it deals after Frostbolt will now scale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      correctly with the speed of the Hunter's Arcane Shot ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Lying]: Now causes damage for each tick of your [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Touch] spell over 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mocking Blow]: The damage it deals after your [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Touch] spell over 20 seconds will now scale correctly with the speed of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Hunter's Arcane Shot ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can no longer cast [Healing Grace] while affected by [Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Hues].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Glyph of Mend Pet] will now properly restore mana when a cast is interrupted,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cancelled, or was resisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * [Glyph of Mend Pet] will now properly increase the duration of Mend Pet }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guilds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guild system in Alterac Valley is still in its early stages and the Guild system will be in its final stage of functioning. Please be aware that the new system will have some limitations to it and may still not be able to complete all guild achievements, guild preferences, or guild requirements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can only have one guild account active at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The guild tab has been split into separate tabs titled: Guild Resources.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now search for information in the guild resource search field under the Names tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Guild System: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Guild Tab: "My Guild" (default)"My Guild" (default)"My Private Group" (default)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (selecting this option will cause all guild members to see the guild information in their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Guild Info window).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Guild Info will now be displayed under the Name window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now search for an item by its listed primary color (default: yellow) or by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       listed secondary color (default: orange).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items with active charges and charges remaining can now be looted by players of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       levels and levels (standard PvP gameplay).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The timer on summoning an item has been reduced to 10 minutes (down from 5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now change the dressing room entrance time (from 1:00 in the dressing room}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       to 0 in the living room).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There is now a Looking for Items tab on the Guild Resources tab. Players can now search}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       for an item by its listed primary color (default: yellow) or by list of available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       items (default: yellow).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guild Bank}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The number of available slots has been reduced to 8 (down from 10 in the Guild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Resources tab). Players can now search for an item by its listed primary color (default:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       yellow) or by list of available slots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now change the dressing room entrance time (from 1:00 in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Trueshot Aura]: The secondary stats for [Trueshot Aura] have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              increased by approximately 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Precision]: Increases critical strike chance by 5% per Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Mastery]: Increases critical strike chance by 2% per Mastery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased by 1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Crunch]: Now increases the critical strike chance of your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [Freezing Trap] by 4/7/10% per mastery, up to a maximum of 9% per}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Increases the critical strike chance of your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Freezing Trap] by 3/6/9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Deadly Throw]: Increases the critical strike chance of your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Deadly Throw] by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Fiery Storm]: Reduces the cooldown of your [Fiery Storm] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spell by 5/10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Freezing Trap]: Increases the critical strike chance of your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Frozen Trap] by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Ice Armor]: Increases the amount of damage your physical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          attacks deal by 10% per Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Ice Ward]: Reduces the cooldown of your [Ice Ward] spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by 4/7/10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Poisonous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS AND REWARDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vestment of Terror]: The damage from this talent will now scale properly from weapon strikes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (down to a fixed value of [10%] weapon strikes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pestilence]: This talent now requires the death knight to be in a tanking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    specialization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eclipse]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glaive Toss]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Moonkin's Whelp]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scatter Shot]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAGES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Volley]: The damage from this ability will now scale correctly from spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Freedom]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PRIESTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mind Control]: This spell will no longer sometimes trigger [Nourish].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Power Infusion]: This spell will now always grant mana to the priest when it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    triggers [Prayer of Healing].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link]: This ability will now always trigger in addition to being affected by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Rain of Fire].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowburn]: Once again correctly affected by [Rain of Fire].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Swap]: This spell will no longer sometimes fail to work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARRIORS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Charge]: This ability can no longer be triggered by periodic critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bloodthirst]: This ability will now always trigger in addition to being affected}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by [Holy Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sweeping Strikes]: This ability's damage will now scale properly from weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sweeping Strikes]: This ability will now always trigger in addition to being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    affected by [Holy Nova].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison]: This ability will now always trigger in addition to being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    affected by [Holy Nova].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer Medallion]: This item's effect will now always trigger from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    periodic damage and no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: Curse of Doom }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Curse of Doom] has been removed and replaced with Demonic Circle, which}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           causes the death knight to avoid all attack after attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: Dark Pact }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Dark Pact] now causes all damage taken to be applied to the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            instead of the normal periodic effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Dark Pact] now grants 10% mana regrowth instead of 15% damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: Blood Presence }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blood Presence] now causes the death knight to grant 10% mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            regeneration instead of 15% damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: Blood on the Pupils }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blood on the Pupils] now causes the death knight to grant 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            mana regeneration instead of 15% damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: Displacer Aura }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Displacer Aura] causes the death knight to grant 10% mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           regeneration instead of 15% damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Herbs and Minerals }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Battlegear]: Increases Strength by 20% while wearing this item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Black Ice Barrel: Now requires 40 Strength to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Crystalforged Chain Shoulders: Redesigned. Now requires 20 Strength to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Deep Wounds: Now requires 20 Strength to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Frostweave Bandanas: Now require 20 Strength to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Emberstorm: Now requires 20 Strength to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Subtlety: Increased Armor, Damage, and Cooldown Duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Added a small cooldown to the ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Damage, Range, and Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Speed, Mana Cost, and Mana Recovery reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Damage, Range, and Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Weapon Speed, Mana Cost, and Mana Recovery reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, damage, and maximum range increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, and cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana recovery, cooldown time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Murder: Mana cost, mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new set of quest rewards for the reputation and quest giver at the Grand Guild has been added to the Violet Hold}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Right Shadow] has been added to the Violet Hold reputation tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The amount of reputation gained for Sinister Rituals has been reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The amount of reputation gained for Vigilance has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The amount of reputation gained for [Widow Venom] has been reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Unraveller's Contagion] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Xandarian Shape-O-Matic] now drops at level 40.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Xandarian Shape-O-Matic no longer requires [Shadow Bite] or [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Ymirjar Portal Blast] now stacks to 4 (was 6).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zandalarian Armor] now has a 3-minute cooldown (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The mana cost of [Seal of Blood] has been increased to 60% of base mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Bloodbloom effect] now activates when damage is done (was a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          chance to activate).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The [Goblin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Conquer] no longer causes targets to lose stealth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Grimoire of Supremacy] now increases the amount healed by 15% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Restoration }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Hibernate] now only causes the mage's mana regeneration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               to a maximum of 25% of their maximum health (up from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Mutilate] now requires [Invisibility] (was [Mirror Image])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              instead of [Glyph of Mutilate].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Monkey] now reduces the cooldown of [Mongoose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Shot] by 50% (up from 30%), and causes 2 Combo Points}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              with each application (up from 1 Combo Point).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Divine Plea] now reduces the cooldown of [Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Plea] by 25% (up from 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Divine Shield] now reduces the cooldown of Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Avoidance] no longer reduces the mana cost of [Stealth].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Cobra Shot] no longer deals damage to targets immune to snare effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Cobalt Siphon] now reduces the cooldown of Chimera Shot by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                1 minute, up from 60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune Strike] no longer deals damage to targets immune to snare effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead] no longer deals damage to targets immune to snare}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Bolt] now reduces damage taken by 15% (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Focus] no longer increases spell damage and now increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           done by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now has a 3-minute cooldown (down from 5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vanish] has been redesigned:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Now reduces all damage taken by 3/7/10% for 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Druid Tier-14 Balance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bear Form] now has a shared spell buff icon for each Druid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          level, and now reduces the cooldown of [Starfall] by 50/100/150}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          for 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Starfall] now has a shared cooldown with [Bear Form], and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          tooltip has been updated to reflect this change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chill Streak now affects the entire team (down from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chill Streak damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chill Streak cooldown has been reduced to 90 seconds (down from 120 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chill Streak base damage now scales with level, but has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          70% (up from 60%). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Survivalist] now has a 30-second PvP duration (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Avoidance] now reduces damage taken by 30% (up from 20%), and reduces the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      cooldown of [Spark of Light] by 30 seconds (down from 90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Cower] now reduces damage taken by 30% (up from 20%), and reduces the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      of [Spark of Wisdom] by 30 seconds (down from 90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Disengage] now ignores 90% of the damage taken (up from 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frenzied Regeneration] now reduces the cooldown of Flash of Light by 1 second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (down from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Guard Dog] now gives 80% of Flash of Light (down from 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Kidney Shot] now costs 30 Focus (down from 45 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Lash of Pain] now costs 20 Focus (down from 50 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Smoke Bomb] now costs 30 Focus (down from 60 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shiv] now costs 25 Focus (down from 50 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soothing Kiss] now costs 20 Focus (down from 60 Focus).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vanish] now costs 20 Focus (down from 60 Focus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Nether Protection] and  [Slow] no longer require a [Mark of the Wild]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                to cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Infected Wounds] (Level 30) - Increases the damage of your [Incarnation: Tree of Life] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             special ability by 250%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Pulsing Spellburn] (Level 30) - Causes your [Pulsing Spellburn] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            periodic effects to burn a damaging spell effect equal to 2 times the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            current Incarnation cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Wild Growth] (Level 50) - Your [Wild Growth] heals a nearby friendly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Beast, causing it to heal for 50% of the amount healed over 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Rejuvenation] (Level 60) - Your [Rejuvenation] heals for 200% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           amount healed over 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Rejuvenation] (Level 60) - Your [Rejuvenation] heals for 400% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           amount healed over 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Wild Growth] (Level 60) - Your [Wild Growth] heals for 150% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          amount healed over 12 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Seed of Corruption] (Level 60) - Your [Seed of Corruption] heals for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          200% of the damage done and your Corruption can heal the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHADOWCRAFTING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added new recipes to improve the look of your armor sets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new mount to your alchemy lab that gives your skin the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    look of a mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now obtain recipes from various types of creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn enchanting from creatures that drop enchant materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn herbalism from creatures that drop herbs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop engineering recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now make transmogrification materials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn mining from creatures that drop minerals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn engineering from creatures that drop metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now learn enchanting from creatures that drop enchanting recipes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a server disconnect that occurred while logging in to the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a server disconnect that occurred while logging out to the client.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that occurred while logging into the auction house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the client.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a client crash that could occur while opening mail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a server crash that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a client crash that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a client crash that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a client crash that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAC}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the server.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the past, we've seen players try to apply the same logic and limitations of the old method of leveling as much as possible, while preserving their happiness and enjoyment outside of Arenas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This philosophy has proven to be extremely frustrating for many players, as well as for us. We decided to significantly reduce the amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one-time quests that we perform in order to allow Forgemaster Rainseeker to remain on his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quality-controlled account.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARENAS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As promised in our announcement of the new Arenas, the best weapons in the game are now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 available. Level 100 players can take on these difficult missions, and earn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 compensation by killing monsters in these new arenas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Pact] now increases damage by 15% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Renew] has been redesigned. Renew now restores mana equal to 10% of the death knight's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power, with a 1.5-second cast time. The heal function is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of Arthas] now grants mana equal to 10% of the death knight's attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of Arthas] now grants damage equal to 10% of the death knight's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power, with a 1.5-second cast time. The heal function is unchanged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of Arthas] now grants mana equal to 10% of the death knight's mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of Arthas] now has a 10% chance to trigger [Gift of Arthas], and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a 100% chance to trigger [Gift of Arthas], reaching 100% of the death knight's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Grimoire of Supremacy] now increases Haste by 75% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Nerubian Consuls] now grants a 25-second cooldown (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Nerubian Consul] grants 1 Holy Power per Holy Power spent (was 1 Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Power per Holy Power spent per paladin).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gift of the Prodigy] now grants mana equal to 25% of the death knight's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack power, with a 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FLYING ON TIRANDA ISLAND:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Horde and Alliance are once again fighting over Tiran's treasures. Are they truly on the front lines of the War onandandandfor their help?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or are they just fooling themselves...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon arriving at the Shrine of Kotmogu in Tanaris, you'll find that the Shrine is actually a pirate's hideout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon logging in, you'll find that the Shrine is actually a pirate's hideout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD QUESTS: THE ARENA IN RAIDERS TRIAL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mount Hyjal and the Iron Lords of Azeroth are having a hard time getting the Iron Lords to join them in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Nexus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords of Azeroth have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       mountains of Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords of Azeroth were looking for a place to stay and have decided to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       put up an indoor resistance camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords of Azeroth have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       mountains of Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       mountains of Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern mountains of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern mountains of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern mountains of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Iron Lords have decided to put up a resistance camp in the northern mountains of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Feralas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now teleport to Prince Kael'thas and Prince Azshara from your party to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       get a sneak peek at what's going to be in the Nexus!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Nexus is a massive, expansive, and dangerous place full of strange and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       wond}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Threat of Thassarian]: This effect can now only be triggered by        [Ravager].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Titan's Grip]: Now increases damage done by your pet by 30% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Capacitor]: Now grants 25% damage reduction instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage absorb shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vengeful Gladiator's Sash]: Now also grants damage reduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Boulderfist]: This ability can now only be triggered by the [Flask of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Boil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Thunder]: Can now only be used in shaman shaman form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Thunder]: This glyph can now only be used by the Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Shaman version of this glyph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Thunder]: Now reduces the cooldown of this glyph by 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (down from 5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Windfury]: Now reduces the cooldown of this glyph by 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Wrath]: Now increases the critical strike chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          of this glyph by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Wrath]: Now increases the cooldown of this glyph by 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Wrath]: Now reduces the cooldown of this glyph by 1/2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Death Knight Tier-9 Holy/Force Aura is now available at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy/Force}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow Warding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy/Force Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Shadow Warding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Warding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Warding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, 2 Runic Power, and 2 Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, and 2 Runic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Power Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, and 2 Runic Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Aura.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death knights now have 2 charges \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 3 Holy Aura, and 2 Runic Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (          *  [Chi Burst] (Mastery) now grants a flat amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 power to the Monk's Chi for each Chi gained over time that the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 ability has been active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mistweaver}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Binding Heal] now correctly modifies the Monk's [Renewing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug that caused [Soothing Mist] to always grant a combo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Pilgrimage] now has a 1.8-second cast time (up from 1.7 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tiger's Grasp] can now be used on targets with the Monk's Fae Silence effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Frog Palm] now grants a flat amount of energy to the Monk's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Fae for each Chi gained over time that the ability has been active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shooting Stars] now has a 1.8-second cast time (up from 1.7 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wind Rush] now increases the duration of [Renewing Mist] by 8 seconds (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwalker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Counterspell] now functions like a smart heal, healing the 6 most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               injured friendly targets within range, and minor guardians are no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              longer targets of counterspells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Guardian of the Grove] now reduces the mana cost of [Innervate] by 50%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              and causes the Druid's damage spells to reduce the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              combat level by 50% (previously, this effect only affected melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              attacks).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Hibernate] now causes [Swipe] to deal 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Thorns] now causes [Swipe] to deal 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Starfire] now causes [Starfall] to deal 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PVP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Season 9 has officially begun featuring all the tanks and healers from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          each specialization! In order to prepare for the new season, we've added}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          additional armor to each specialization. Armor values for each}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          tank and healer have been adjusted, resulting in an additional 471}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          armor values being applied on each side for all tanks and healers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Additionally, all tanks and healers can now use items and consumables}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          for which they earn the required marks of skill from the relevant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All specializations now offer a fixed amount of tanking to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Avenger's Shield] now shares Diminishing Returns with all other shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Aspect of the Fox] now reduces damage taken by 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Kezan] now reduces damage taken by 10% of maximum health, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Maul] now reduces the mana cost of [Maul] by 50%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Reaping] now reduces the mana cost of [Maul] by 50%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Shred] now reduces the mana cost of [Shred] by 50%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Berserk] now increases the duration of Berserk by 2 seconds, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Frostbolt] now deals damage equal to 1.5 times your maximum health, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         2.5 times your maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ghost Wolf] now deals damage equal to 1.5 times your maximum health, up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 2.5 times your maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Nether Tempest] now deals damage equal to 1.5 times your maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         health, up from 2.5 times your maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Chain Heal] now heals for 50% more, and chains up to 2 heals for a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         total of 5 healing over time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Avoidance] now reduces the cooldown of Chain Lightning by 45 seconds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This recipe has been changed. It now requires [Frosty Gut] to be consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frozen Poultry] no longer requires Frozen Poultry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Hungry Horse] now grants 10% Haste when used in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       tent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Monkey] now increases the healing from Monkey Slaying by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Moth] now reduces the cooldown on Monkey Slaying to 1 second (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Monkey] now increases the cooldown of Monkey Slaying by 1 second (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Prickly Pear]: Now increases healing done by your [Prickly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Pear] by 1/2/3/4/5% while in Moonkin form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Roast]: Reduces the cooldown on your [Roast] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Ritual of the Sword]: Reduces the cooldown on your [Seal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of Justice] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHAMAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Bomberskin]: Increases the damage your Bomberskin can deal by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Arctic Armor]: Reduces the cooldown on [Ice Armor] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Arctic Armor]: Increases the damage your Bomberskin can deal by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Arctic Armor]: Increases the damage your Bomberskin can deal by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Call Stabled Shrink]: Reduces the cooldown on [Call Stabled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shrink] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Earth Shield]: Increases the amount of damage you take by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Fiery Brand]: Reduces the cooldown on [Fiery Brand] by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Healing Wave]: Reduces the cooldown on [Hemorrh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A special version of Mok'rashin, created by the legendary Naz'jar berserker Shazzak, now drops at a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7th Legion Quartermaster's Hall in Dalaran.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE KARAZHAN CREATURES!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karanazhan, the last bastion of Azeroth's might, has fallen. It is now time for a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 flotilla of adventurers to help reclaim the ancient artifacts once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your heroes will aid the Karanazhan elite in their quest to retrieve the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karanazhan Artifact, the final hammer of Naz'jar's rule. Prepare to embark on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 systematic questline to find out more about the artifact's origin, how you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can become a part of the story, and much more!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HEIRLOOM REFINEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The armor and weapons in Karazhan's great halls have undergone a major overhaul. The armor and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 weapons have been streamlined, and the new armor and weapons have been redesigned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to meet the needs of the new Karazhan world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skirmishes, holidays, and other special events involving the Legion in your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LegionFleet.com/LegionRift account will no longer be a part of these}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW: CLASSES: THE NEW DARK KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legion has awakened in Azeroth and the Dark Gods have taken great pleasure in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replicating their power. Some Dark Lords have taken exception to the newly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 commissioned Dark Legion and are now preparing to take the next step by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reining in the Dark Knight's legacy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new faction-specific Dark Knight faction tabard, a new faction color, and a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 unique class icon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HEROES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dark Knight is back! You have met your untimely end as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a Dark Knight with a mission to bring balance to the chaotic world of Karazhan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your heroic efforts in the war against Naz'jar forces continue to earn you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 additional awards and titles, including the Hero of the Year honor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your heroic efforts in the war against the Legion in Azeroth have earned you a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 chance to earn the title Hero of the Year from the Hero of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your heroic efforts in the war against Naz'jar forces have earned you a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of the Dead]'s effect has been changed to reduce the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Enrage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Icy Veins] now lowers the amount healed by 1 percentage point (to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                    *  [Glyph of Icy Veins] now also reduces the cooldown on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                          Icy Veins by 1 second instead of reducing the cooldown on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                          [Unholy Might] by 1 second.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of Icy Touch] now also causes [Glyph of Icy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                         area-of-effect attacks to deal 450% damage (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   450% damage for Unholy Power).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Icy Runes] has been changed to Glyph of Icy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 Runes. Glyph of Icy Runes causes the Shaman to gain an additional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   5% of his or her normal attack power per Rune fired for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   The additional 5% damage granted by Glyph of Icy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  Runes is exclusive to Icy Runes now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              (          *  [Savage Blood] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Improved Shadow Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Improved Soul Cleave] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Shadow Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Seed Bomb] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Soul Swap] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Soul Fire] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Vampiric Aura] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Void Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Void Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Void Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Void Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Unstable Affliction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Enrage] now causes a 30% damage increase to all melee attacks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * UI }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Add-ons for World of Warcraft: Patch 6.1.2 will no longer use an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            invalid texture or have their requirements removed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (this includes add-ons that use an invalid texture). This includes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            add-ons that use an older patch version of the game than are live}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            and use an invalid texture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Add-ons will no longer accidentally add new files when they are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            updated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Added a check to get a handle to disconnect while you are mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The mouse cursor now moves up when you move your hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Non-combat items that give experience should now work properly again}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          when the player receives a fatal error message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Items that give weapon skill have been adjusted to increase attack power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          slightly. They should no longer scale towards weapon skill requirements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Items that give experience now give weapon skill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mastery: Bloodletting] now increases the damage of your            [Bloodletting] by 250% and your critical strike chance is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Purging] now reduces the cooldown of [Purge] by 45 seconds (was 60 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Purge]: This glyph can now be activated from the casting Monk's }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Force Palm] and [Sap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shifting Stratagem] now reduces the cooldown of [Grapple Weapon] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      30 seconds (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Shifting Stratagem]: The cooldown of this glyph is now reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      at all ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Twin Spines] has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      of [Sap] by 1 second (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wind Rush] now reduces the cooldown of [Wind Rush] by 90}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      seconds (was 180 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Wind Waker] now reduces the cooldown of [Wind Waker] by 90}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      seconds (was 120 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Water Breathing] has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      of [Water Breathing] by 1 second (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wyvern Sting] now increases the damage of your Wyvern Sting by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      50% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Wind Shield] now increases damage done by your Wind Shield by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      100% (was 80%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Abomination's Might] now stacks with [Dark Pact].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Conflagrate] now replaces Immolate for the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Holy Fire] now has a 1.5-second cast time (down from 2.5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Holy Shock] now replaces Immolate for the Paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Prayer of Mending] now replaces Immolate for the Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Holy Nova] is no longer a Major Glyph and can no longer be a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            critical strike against secondary targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Holy Shock] now replaces Immolate for the Priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Death Knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Berserking]: This talent now causes damage to be redirected by [Blessing of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Sha].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blessing of Sanctuary]: This blessing now has a chance to proc from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            effect of Starfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blessing of Kings]: This blessing now also grants a mana buff on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Paladin's mount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Blessing of Wisdom] is no longer a Major Glyph and can no longer be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            used defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Greater Blessing of Kings]: This blessing now has a chance to proc}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            from the effect of Starfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom]: This blessing now has a chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            proc from the effect of Starfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This item will no longer incorrectly cause a cooldown on [Sap] when the pet is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 immune to being taken by an immune immune crowd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INTRO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The MechWarrior Guild has moved into its new location:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Library near the Steelforge entrance, players can find the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MechWarrior Guild log file.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TECH SPECIFICATIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now choose between a 3 player raid and a 5 person raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Default options for all raid sizes are: 2", 4", 5", 6", 8", 10", 15", 20", 25", 30", 40", 50", 60".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Temporary spells (e.g. Sap) and abilities (e.g. Hamstring) can no longer be cast on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players of the same raid group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "in" tab of the chat window should now always be up (default hotkey "i").}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "now" and "on" and "off" hotkeys should no longer be set to ON.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There is now a "point-blank" option for when to "point blank" a battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The "point blank" battleground point will now take into account the number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players in the battleground who are level 60.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blood Craze]: Now increases damage by 10% per Blood Craze consumed, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Strike]: Damage done by Death Strike increased by 10%, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death's Anatomy]: Now provides 1/3% of attack power as magic damage, up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Eminence]: Now reduces all damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Fever]: Now grants 10/20/30% chance to poison critters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Fever]: Now grants 10/20/30% chance to horrify.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Strike]: Damage done by Frost Strike increased by 34%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Strike]: Damage done by Frost Strike reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pillars of the Wisp]: Now grants 10/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 otherwise lessens the chance for you to die.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Cenarion Talisman of Awareness will now always drop off a player who}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    chooses to craft it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Deadhead Helm] no longer requires a soul shard to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Crystal Spire Fragment Pack] no longer requires a soul shard to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fused Wiring] now has a fixed maximum of 4 charges (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Diamond-Laced Robes] are now Bind on Equip.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bane of Immolation]: Consuming a Netherstorm-damaging Gag Law will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    permanently immobilize the target for 3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Corruption] damage reduced by 10%, and now deals damage based on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    percentage of the damage the Warlock deals to the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon]: This spell now has a 10 second duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fear] damage reduced by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fear can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gag Order] damage reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gag Order] no longer costs Inner Focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Axe] damage reduced by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Goblin Sword] no longer reduces hit points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorefiend's End] now reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Healing Light] healing reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Eyes of Mephistroth] now reduce Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Leotherasaur] now reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Slicing Blade] damage reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Slicing Blade] no longer reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Vile Shadowfiend] now reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Witch Doctor] no longer has a spell load time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] damage reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] no longer reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] now reduces Enrage cost by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vanish] damage reduced by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unholy Blight] now reduces En}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dispersion] now works when [Necrotic Strike] is used to wipe out a player's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          own pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Fever] now costs 20 Runic Power per tick, down from 30 Runic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Phantom Assassin] now deals 15% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Phantom Assassin] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Phantom Assassin's damage has been reduced by 30% but no longer deals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Phantom Assassin now deals 20% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Phantom Assassin's damage has been reduced by 30% but no longer deals damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slice and Dice] now costs 20 Runic Power, down from 30 Runic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Power. In addition, slicing and dicing effects on your enemies'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          abilities have been changed. Slice and Dice now deal 70% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          weapon's normal damage, down from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sudden Doom] now deals 100% of the spell's normal damage, down from 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Surge of Light] now deals 50% of the spell's normal damage, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    MACS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The current weather and snow loading screens have been made more intuitive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Performance optimizations for PowerPC, Mac, and Windows have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       implemented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed an issue where the x86_64 sound engine was not properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       updating when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HALIBUR, AZ - APRIL 22: A portrait of Queen Azshara of the Alliance is seen at the Shrine of Seven Stars in Cathedral Square during the weekly Holy Avenger event during the weekly Holy Avenger event at Cathedral Square in Azshara, AZ on April 22, 2015. (Photo by Dashiell Ashburn/Diamond Images via Getty Images)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new Azeroth daily quest and event, The Feast of the Hatred of Azeroth, is now available for those level 71-80 quests that an Alliance player can complete in Cathedral Square.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The daily quest for the Hatred of Azeroth begins during the weekly Holy Avenger event at Cathedral Square in Azshara, AZ on April 22, 2015. Notable Alliance players who completed the weekly Holy Avenger quests will receive a bonus honor of equal or greater value in addition to their current Justice and Honor Ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those players who completed the weekly Holy Avenger quests will also receive a bonus Honor of 1000 per week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those players who completed the weekly quests will receive a bonus honor of 5000 honor depending on how well they performed during the weekly quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those players who completed the weekly quests will also receive a bonus honor of choosing a new profession or guild to work with in the upcoming weeks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the daily quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests will reward Honor rewards of several times their normal value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at all times during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will last a minimum of a full week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those quests can be completed at any time during each week, but the weekly quests will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Item Level Upcoming}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Item Level 2200 Item Level 2100 Item Level 2100}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New Profession: Alchemy has been added. Profession:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Minty Almond] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Minty Red Almond] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                stat for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Mercurial] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Mercurial] increases the amount of mana restored to the primary stat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mudslide] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mystic Growth] now turns Lightning, has a cooldown of 60 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              , and lasts for 9 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shatter] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Silencing Shot] now deals 100% of weapon damage (down from 150%) and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              deals 100% of weapon damage (up from 75%) while in Stealth mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Silencing Shot] now deals 50%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: This glyph now causes [Mind Flay] to be cast when a Mind Flay }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      is not active (instead of allowing Mind Flay to critically strike).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Rapid Mind]: This glyph will now prevent Mind Flay from being}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Sap]: This glyph now causes [Sap] to increase damage absorbed by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Shadow]: This glyph will now prevent Sap from being cast while under the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      effects of the Aura of Ablution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Shadowy Aura]: This glyph will now cause [Shadowy Aura] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      be removed if the Shadow Mage was not already affected by the Aura of Ablution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Spell Reflection]: Now requires a [Spell Reflection] trinket}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      to activate the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Spellsteal]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      that are blocked, dodged, or cast as a percentage of the damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Taunt]: This glyph will now trigger effects which have no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Targeted Shot]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by casting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      spells that cost Chi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      using [Unholy Power] from [Blinding Flash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Voidwalker]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by using }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Blinding Speed] from [Blinding Gaze].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Voidwalker]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by using [Blinding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Flash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Voidwalker]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by using [Blinding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Flash].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Voidwalker]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can now learn additional spells by speaking with Professions in your Garrison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Blue Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Green Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Red Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Green Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Blue Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Orange Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Red Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Green Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Blue Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Tiny Green Carpet].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Brilliant Gold Ring].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with Brilliant Gold Ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Razorice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Razorice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Cinderbludgeon].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Cinderbludgeon].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Mazzgrave].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell by speaking with [Rune of Mazzgrave].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Learn a new spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground Finder }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Battleground Finder objectives can now be earned by winning a Battleground match}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            against any one of the five main map pools (Gold, Silver, Bronze)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            in each of the four Warsong Gulch and the Warsong Restored}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Battlegrounds in each of the Warsong Vale and the Broken Isles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Tier-3 and Tier-4 Siege Brigades now have more health and mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            and deal more damage with each siege charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Siege Brigades' health has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Tier-5 Siege Brigades and Tier-6 Siege Brigades now have more health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            and deal more damage with each siege charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Battleground Experience }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Battleground experience gained from winning a match has been reduced by 33%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Battleground Rating }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The experience gain from winning a match has been reduced by 33% (from 45%)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (from 5v5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Bonus Honor }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The experience gain from winning a match has been reduced by 33% (from 45%)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            (from 5v5).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Shooting Stars] now increases damage by 40% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Displacer Beast] now summons a Displacer Beast that can be used to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  heal a friendly target for 50% of their maximum health (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Monkey Palm]: Moved to level 24.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of the Serenity Palm]: Moved to level 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of the Swiftmend] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Glyph of the Wyvern Seeker] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Glyph of the Windblade] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Glyph of the Windbreaker] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Glyph of the Windbreaker]'s movement speed increase is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    per mastery, and per attack, is now capped at 300% maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    health (was 400%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A new Major Glyph has been added: [Glyph of Malignant Strain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Malignant Strain increases the damage done}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Level-60 Rewards }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Challenger, Tier-3, Tier-2, Tier-1, Tier-0 Rewards }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Level-60 Prize (Bears of the Darkfallen, Bloodfury, Lustforium, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Bloodfury, Fury, Pain, Sorrow, Torment, Sanguinary Vein, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Corruption) and Tier-2 and Tier-1 rewards have been changed to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               redeemable through the in-game mail or in-game currency. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of Enduring Deceit]: Deceits have been converted to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Celestial Stamina and Holy Power for a total of 75% complete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               absorption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Exorcism]: Exorcism now heals for 2% per stack of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               demon's spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Higher level rewards from the previous expansions for characters that earned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Apexis Crystals during the Human World Event are now available for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         purchase with Apexis Crystals from Apexis Crystals vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Characters that already have the Apexis Crystal can now choose to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         upgrade it to a level higher than the Apexis Crystal's level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Apexis Crystals can be purchased with Apexis Crystals from Apexis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      demons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALTERAC VALLEY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alterac Valley is home to some of the most formidable armies of Azeroth, and the Alliance are no exception. Azeroth's armies have been engaging the forces of these nations throughout the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Multistrike Wars of the Multistrike Wars series, and this sprawling zone will be a vital}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    hub in the war on Earth-Two\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8222\'84\u162\'A2: an all-new warfront that combines}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    multistrike combat into one massive raid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACK MORASS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The backdrop to Blackrock Depths, the Black Morass is a verdant, volcanic region that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has been home to the legendary Gordok, a powerful being who wields immense}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 power. Gordok's lair is within reach of any one seeking to enter his realm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CAVERNS OF TIME: THE TORT OF MYTHIC IRON FURNURE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will traverse three new chapters in the critically-acclaimed Caverns of Time: Wrathion's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reins, the Blackwing Crusade's invasion of Azeroth, and the conclusion of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legends of Time: Wrathion Epic Quest line. Players will also be able to access the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 raptor-crafted levels of Caverns of Time: Wrathion and Caverns of Time: Wrathion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sequel through a series of quests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CAVERNS OF TIME: UPDATED FEATURE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The release of Legion: Throne of the Four Winds brings with it the fullness of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legends of Time: Wrathion and Caverns of Time: Wrathion Epic Quest lines, and brings}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Legion and the four winds together in one massive raid. Players will also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 be able to access the expansions they've been removed from for Wrathion and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Scourge:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legends of Time: Wrathion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story begins when Mythic Realms veterans, Karthage Release have been dispatched}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to besiege a massive stone structure in the Blasted Lands of Azeroth. With the help of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the heroic Rogues of Searing Gorge, the heroes of Legion: Throne of the Four}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winds can accomplish their goal of destroying the structure, and thus restoring the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Legends of Time: Wrathion and Caverns of Time: Wrathion Epic Quest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS: THE REAL MECHANAR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Improved Lightwelling]: Tooltip updated to reflect that this talent now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 also increases the healing done by Healing Touch by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Improved Bear Form]: Now also increases Strength by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Shred]: Tooltip updated to reflect that it increases the chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for Multi-shot spells to trigger by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Unleashed Rage]: Now increases attack power by 3/6/9%, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Starfire]: Tooltip updated to reflect that it increases critical strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              chance by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kill Shot]: This ability now has a limit of 3 shots per charge, up from 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Master's Call]: Critical strike chance bonus for hunters with this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             talent now also affects Kill Shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Ice Lance]: This spell can no longer be triggered from periodic critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Paralytic Poison]: Fixed a bug where the damage bonus on this spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              was not increasing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level of Spirit Walk in the Hunter's Den has been lowered to 10, down from 15.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level of [Kill Shot] now only affects the Hunter's current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Swipe] and [Grappling Hook] tooltips are now more detailed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The level of [Kill Burst] now correctly affects the Hunter's current target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Archimonde's Vengeance] (Rank 2) damage has been lowered by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deathbringer] (Rank 4) damage has been lowered by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Sacrifice] (Demonology) removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Sacrifice] (Demonology) now reduces the damage of your next Soul Swap or [Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Swap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Sacrifice] (Demonology) now also increases the duration of your [Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Affinity] by 5/10 sec.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Sacrifice] (Demonology) now also increases the damage of your next Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Affinity spell by 2/4/6% for all damage-over-time effects that cost at least 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Pact] no longer benefits from increased damage from your next Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Affinity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Plea] will now benefit from increased healing from your next [Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Word: Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resilience] now has a range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Sacrifice] (Demonology) now also causes your next [Shadow Affinity] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduce the cost of your next Soul Swap spell by 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enlightenment] (Destruction) will now decrease the cast time of your next }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Shadowguard] spell by 0.5/1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enlightenment] (Destruction) will now decrease the cast time of your next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Shadowguard] spell by 0.5/1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] (Destruction) will now not trigger effects that would}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    prevent it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction] (Destruction) will now not trigger effects that would prevent it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from working.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison] mana costs have been reduced to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tooth and Claw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Borrowed Time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lesson 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoidance is a major focus of the Lesson 1.0, and Lesson 1.1 is the foundation of the Lesson Mastery system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoidance is a passive ability gained by Discipline and Holy priests at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distinction is important. In addition to increasing critical strike chance,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoidance also provides a steady flow of bonus damage to healing spells. Most}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 instances of Avoidance being used will result in increased healing from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 most powerful spells, spells with a small chance of causing a significant healing error.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This healing error will trigger a large healing increase from the most powerful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 spell, such as [Spirit Shell].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This healing increase will then be spread evenly to the remainder of the healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 effects. In addition, spells with a small chance of causing a healing error will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 have a small healing error chance with this ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This healing increase will then occur automatically over time, as the maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ever increase will provide with periodic effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In addition, while periodic healing effects may have a small healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 error chance with this ability, the actual healing increase will be spread evenly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 over the duration of the effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lesson 2 teaches the exact same healing increase with no additional changes for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 your character's total stats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lesson 3: All healing spells which critically strike the player's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 enemy's target will also critically strike the player's internal organs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spells and abilities which critically strike the player's target will also critically strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the player's internal organs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Combat log data}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Combat log data for all spells and abilities has been updated for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new classes, improving gameplay but improving stats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following spells and abilities have been updated for new class, improving}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 player performance but improving stats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of Justice] now deals weapon damage in its raw number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strikes (as opposed to its periodic damage counterpart, in which case its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strikes are multiplied by 3). *  [Slam] now deals weapon damage in its full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strike chance (as opposed to its periodic damage counterpart, in which case its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    periodic damage counterpart is multiplied by 3). *  [Rune Tap] now requires a target to be in front of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Rune Tap ability, instead of relying on the Rune Tap cooldown when Rune Tap}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lil' Gordok and his minions have landed on Azeroth and are now ready to take the fight to the heart of the city of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horde and neutralize the Gordok faction. Heroes of the Horde and Alliance are led to your side by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent of Ashenzari.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LIGHTNING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nefarian's power has been greatly enhanced. He now has access to the basic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of his [Lightning Bolt] ability, [Lightning Bolt] and the Thunder Clap mechanic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After mastering both Lightning Bolt and Thunder Clap, players will be able to re-acquire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 themselves via the Epic Flight ability.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW FEATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HIGH-COME TAKE OVER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spire of the Defiler}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Spire of the Defiler is the pinnacle of High Warlord-level dungeons, dungeons, and raids. Players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will fight as High Warlords of Draenor, High Warlord Solarian, and High Warlord}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solarian in these high-level content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID DUNGEON}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take part in a series of new high-level raids that feature new class abilities. Flee from a location}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wanderer and return home to your faction's capital.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Horde and Alliance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * High Warlord Solarian is now available in all capital cities, and waiting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        for your side to join your ranks is the key to victory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blessing of Might]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Might]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Greater Blessing of Wisdom]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Tier-3 raid dungeon: Blackwing Lair}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dark Iron Chest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Tier-4 raid dungeon: Blackwing Rift}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blackwing Rift]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Dark Iron Chest]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Tier-5 raid dungeon: The Black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         within the Undead quartermaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Transmogrification] - Now requires the [Frost Reforging] and "Frost Reforging 2"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unholy Strength] - Now requires the [Unholy Might] and Might}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    recipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Embrace] - Now also increases all damage done to the target by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison] - Now takes 20 seconds to kill (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison]: This spell can now trigger an Enrage effect on a killing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    autoloot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wellspring] - Chance of trigger increased to 10% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wellspring] - Now healing over 15 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison] - Now also increases damage to the target by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wound Poison]: This ability can now trigger an Enrage effect on a killing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    autoloot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Mushroom]: This ability can now be used on creatures which are not in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wild Mushroom]: This ability can now be used on creatures which are not in combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (such as the goblins' Cobalt Chest).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Aimed Shot] - Range increased to 30 yards (was 30 yards off the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon), damage reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Arcane Shot] - Damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blind] - Now also causes your ranged attacks to miss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Bursting Shot] - Now deals damage plus an additional 75% of damage, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    also causes the hunter's melee attacks to miss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demoralizing Screech] - This ability can now trigger an Enrage effect on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    killing blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Explosive Shot] - Critical strike chance bonus increased to 30% (was 15%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the hunter's melee attack power granted by the ability is reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Explosive Shot] - Damage increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Explosive Trap] - Now deals damage plus an additional 75% of damage, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    also causes the hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           skill of the Rogue is now 4% per point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shred] damage (attribute-based) now scales with Attack Power, instead of Attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Avenging Wrath] now reduces damage taken by 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood of the North] now increases healing done by 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blood of the North] now increases damage done by 15% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Freedom] now increases healing done by 40% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Avenging Wrath] now increases the maximum damage done by Avenging Wrath by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          25% (was 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Blackout] now causes Avenging Wrath to always restore full}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          mana, including periodic heals, to players (was the case before).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Bloodletting] now reduces the cooldown of Bloodletting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects by 0.5 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Bloodletting] now increases the cooldown of Bloodletting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          effects by 0.5 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Assassination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bane of Recklessness] now deals damage in two separate waves, dealing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          additional (was single-target)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Death knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Rogue }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Armor Sets }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * PvP 2-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a set bonus for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              neutral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             paths that follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * PvP 4-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             set bonus that provides a baseline Stamina regeneration for up to 300}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * PvP 5-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             specialization that provides a steady increase of Stamina for up to 300}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * PvP 6-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             4 piece bonus that provides a steady increase of Stamina for up to 300}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * PvP 7-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             4 piece bonus that provides a steady increase of Stamina for up to 300}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * PvP 8-piece set bonus for druids and warriors has been changed to a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbite]: now reduces the target's armor by 30% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand]: no longer reduces the target's armor by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand]: now reduces the target's armor by 50% (was 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Necrotic Blast]: damage and mana cost reduced by approximately 23%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Predatory Strike]: damage and mana cost reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Overpower]: no longer causes a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rake]: no longer causes a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Scatter Shot]: damage and mana cost reduced by approximately 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Trueshot Aura]: redesigned slightly, reducing damage taken by 10% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Winter's Chill]: no longer reduces the target's armor by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unstable Affliction]: will no longer increase the periodic damage of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       periodic damage spells by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch]: no longer transfers the Vampiric Touch debuff to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       casting Rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Poison]: reduced to 3% (was 4%) damage reduction, and no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       causes a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Embrace]: duration increased to 12 seconds (was 5 seconds), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       damage and healing reduced by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Will of the Necropolis]: now increases the healing done by your [Trueshot] and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Bloodsurge] by 5%, and now causes your periodic damage spells to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       target one of your targets and reduce its healing by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHAMAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chain Heal]: healing increased by 15% and mana regeneration reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Earth Elemental Totem]: cast time reduced by 10 seconds, and its radius}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue Weapon]: costs 30% of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Barrens are a small group of mages that live in the sweltering heat of the Barrens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Barrens are a very ancient and powerful people, and the Mages that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 share them are revered throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How did they end up in this position? Well, they were raised by mages, and have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been here to stay since.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, many years later, they're ready to take the fight to the heart of the Ironforge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 vivalries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARMS AND ALL KEYSTONE UNLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The amount of gear required to unlock the [Insanity Shrink Tank] has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 removed from each of the keystopper slots. Players will now be able to store up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 five (5) items at the [Insanity Shrink Tank] at any one time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The PvP talent trees have been updated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DAILY QUEST SUPPORT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players can now directly and trivially join the new Raid and PvP chapters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID AND PVP DUNGEON: BLACK TEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Black Temple is now accessible. Players will need to join the Black Temple and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take the fight to the heart of the Ironforge in this weekly dungeon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Black Temple is now available in all parts of the world that haven't previously}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been entered by the normal Black Temple PvP raid group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID AND PVP DUNGEON: THE TOMORROW}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ironforge is now accessible. Players will need to join the Ironforge and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take the fight to the heart of the Ironforge in this weekly dungeon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID AND PVP DUNGEON: THE ARCHORON AND ARCHORON RAID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Archetorm is now available in all parts of the world that haven't previously}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been entered by the normal Archetorm PvP raid group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID AND PVP DUNGEON: THE BARRENS AND ARCHAN RAID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Barrens and Archetorms are now available in all parts of the world that haven't}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    previously been entered by the normal Barrister PvP raid group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID AND PVP DUNGEON: THE BOYLETHRING RAID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Boyleth raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following abilities now have base melee haste and attack power equal to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pre-attack haste.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talent Specializations now offer 5 base melee haste and attack power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    equal to their bonus melee haste. Attack power scaling has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced to 1.5% per point of haste, down from 2.0%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * One mana-cost per damage type (at level 80+) is now consumed by all spells,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    talents, and items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * All ranks of Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now allow the Priest to cast [Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Power] and [Holy Word: Serenity] on targets afflicted by their target's }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Flash], [Holy Word: Serenity], [Holy Nova], [Holy Word: Life], or [Holy Word:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shield] effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 2) now causes [Divine Storm] to deal 60% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now causes [Guardian of Ancient Kings] to heal the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Warrior for 30% of maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now increases the bonus melee haste from [Light's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Grace] by 100% (down from 200%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now increases the damage of [Divine Shield] by 250% (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 300%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now increases the healing of [Divine Protection] by 500%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (down from 750%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now causes [Heal] to heal the Warrior for 30% of the amount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    healed over 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now reduces the cooldown of [Divine Protection] by 25/50}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    seconds (down from 30/60 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now increases the duration of [Holy Word: Serenity] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1 second (down from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3) now increases the critical strike chance of [Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Word: Serenity] by .1/1.2/2.3/2.4/3.6%, and reduces the cast time of [Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Power] by 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Guardian Paladin (Rank 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Reincarnation] now has a chance to grant you health equal to 10% of your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  spirit (up from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Soul Link] now has a chance to increase your total health by 20% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Soul Swap] now initiates a combo point reward when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Salvation] now grants 20% (up from 15%) mana recovery while in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Ghost Wolf].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eternal Flame] now increases the healing done by your Immolate by 20% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Light's Hammer] now has a chance to activate on each cast (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          on a normal cast, but costs 20 mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rushing Jade Lightning] now reduces damage done by 10% (up from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tome of Cinderglacier] now reduces the cooldown of your Enrage by 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (up from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] now reduces the damage you take from your Immolate,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Enrage, and Enrage effects by 20% (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shadow }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Essence of Clarity] now reduces the cooldown of your Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spell by 5 seconds (down from 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] now increases movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Escape}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After years of plotting with rogues and assassins, you and your accomplices have been pushed to the breaking point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now the dark side of the dark empire of Jandice the Hati is plotting to take your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As you prepare yourself for the inevitable, you'll come across a mysterious figure standing in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 meeting place of your most trusted advisors. Your only hope of getting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the upper hand is now an enemy within your own ranks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8221\'94the Dark One himself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He's a shadowy figure that some in the West fear represents the end of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 knowledge of the dark side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level and Timewalking mechanics}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you level, you'll gain access to some fantastic new Timewalking systems. Players will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will be able to take the Timewalking quests, and in some instances, will be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 choose to take them on with their character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You'll also be able to take the Timewalking quests in-game and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 add them to your bank to make them more flexible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rotemap:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Rotemap system has been revamped with new gameplay elements, and is now available}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to play with your friends. Mastery, health and mana bars will no longer disappear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 when you enter a Rotemap. You'll now be able to control your rotation by right}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fingering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Timewalking Feature: Dash}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will now be able to move faster while sitting down and stand up. Dash allows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players to move faster while sitting down and stand up. This new functionality allows}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players to move faster while standing down and standing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mechanics}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In order to bring more variety to your gameplay, we've added new mechanics to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 your rotation:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * When using [Charge] or [Dash] you'll no longer be able to use spells while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place loot in your inventory while you are mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * When using [Mutilate], you'll no longer be able to use melee attacks while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The movement bar will now be displayed when you are riding and you can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    move to a different location without needing to be in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you use your Charge attack while mounted, the movement bar will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    display while you are mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now unle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Voidwalker is now a level 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  [Banish] will now only initiate attacks when it is not the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  triggering the sphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A dispelling effect has been added to Moonfire and Sunfire while the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Warlock is at level 30.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A Warlock can no longer cast Moonfire or Sunfire while in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Celestial (Fel Iron) state, and is now classified as a Fel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A Warlock can no longer use Moonfire or Sunfire while in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Celestial (Fel Iron) state, and is now classified as a Fel Magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * A Warlock can no longer cast Ember Blast while in a Celestial (Fel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                                                    * A Warlock can no longer cast Fire Blast while in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  Celestial (Fel Iron) state, and is now classified as a Fel Magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Shadowflame Bulwark no longer requires consuming your Soul Shard to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Subtlety (druid ability) now increases spell damage by 30% (up from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blood Pact] no longer requires consuming your Soul Shard to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Gift of the Naaru] now requires consuming your Blood Pact to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Gift of the Phoenix] now requires consuming your Phoenix Wing to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shackle Undead] now requires consuming your Shadow Wing to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Soothing Mist] now requires consuming your Shackle Undead to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Silencing Shot] now requires consuming your Silencing Shot to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit Strike] now requires consuming your Wisdom to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Teleport Magic] now requires consuming your Teleport spell to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Storming Wind] now requires consuming your Storming Wind to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ultimatum] now requires consuming your Shadow Bolt to activate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      MISTWEAVER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The damage done by most of the classes in the Mists has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Scepter of Acumen]: now increases healing done by 25% (up from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Bastion of the Dawn]: now increases casting speed by 60% (up from 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Bastion of the Protector]: now increases spell damage by 30% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Bastion of the Sapper]: now increases your spell damage by 10% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 3%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ELE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *Engulfing Flames now activate when the target dies instead of on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a hit, but have a very small chance of detonating}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The skill-up functions for all engineering recipes have been changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Engineering recipe [Amberglow Ingot] no longer requires the Apprentice Mining skill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering recipes that require Engineers to be in the profession have had their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    engineering skill requirements reduced to levels from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thick Obsidian Rocket Launcher] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Engineering recipes that require engineers to be in the profession have had their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    engineering skill requirements reduced to levels from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Koloch Scale] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fused Wiring] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Magical Warfare Capacitor] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thumper Tori Harness] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Pristine Time Siphon] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fused Blast Furnace] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Fused Blast Furnace] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thumper Tori Harness] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thermal Monitor of the Future] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thermal Monitor of the Past] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thermal Monitor of the Past] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Pristine Time Siphon] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Thermal Monitor of the Past] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Energetic Barrier] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Flamethrower] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Flamethrower] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Flamethrower] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Gnomish Mind Control Capacitor] can no longer be disenchanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Goblin Mechanical Creeper] can no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Molten Core]: Molten Core can now be triggered by spells that target a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              different elemental type.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Nether Tempest] and [Chaos Bolt] can now trigger Molten Core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Elemental summons from Molten Core can now be used in conjunction with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Molten Core's stun effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Chakra: Intellect: Active for the duration, and now increases all damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          done by 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Firestarter]: Redesigned. Firestarter's cooldown has been reduced to 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes, down from 3 minutes. The damage-over-time component of this ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          has been increased to compensate. The channeled damage has also been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Aftershocks]: This talent now provides a flat amount of critical strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          chance to all damage schools, instead of a fixed amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt]: Reduced to 3 points of damage per point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbrand]: This talent now gives a flat amount of critical strike}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          chance to all damage schools, instead of a fixed amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Afterlife]: This glyph has been renamed to Glyph of Afterlife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Afterlife]: Now reduces the mana cost of Afterlife by 30%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (down from 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Stormbringer]: Now reduces the cooldown of Stormbringer by 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes (down from 5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Eclipse] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Elusive Brawler] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Flip Flopping] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Grapple Weight] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        *  [Maul] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MISCELLANEOUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Feature: Spectral Reflectivity }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New level 80 PvP Spectral Shouts are available. These new features will help}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              players better match their gear requirements while in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New PvP Equipment Set: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * New level 80 PvP PvP gear sets can be purchased from Admiral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Quackenbush. These pieces of PvP gear are not Bind on Equip items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             and cannot be disenchanted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Players must purchase the [Shade of the Earth] and [Rip] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             pieces of the new level 80 PvP set at Admiral Qu}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     100% chance when casting that you'll get an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     aura that applies to you for 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Deadly Throw]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Deadly Throw: Now requires level 36 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Deadbolt]: Now requires level 36 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Deathblow]: Now requires level 36 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Death]: Now requires level 36 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Disease]: Now requires level 38 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Disease: Now requires level 38 to activate (was level 38).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icebound Fortitude]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icebound]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icebound]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Icebound]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Ice]: Now requires level 42 to activate (was level 42).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: Now requires level 34 to activate (was level 34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Curse of the Elements]: Increased to 5% (was 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Curse of Storm]: Increased to 5% (was 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Devouring Plague]: Duration reduced to 20 seconds (was 25 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Drain Life]: Duration increased to 9 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Fire Nova]: Duration increased to 2 minutes (was 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Flametongue]: Duration increased to 2 seconds (was 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Frost Nova]: Duration increased to 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Mana Tide Totem]: Mana cost reduced to 12% of base mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Nature's Grasp]: Mana cost reduced to 10% of base mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Nature's Swiftness]: Mana cost reduced to 9% of base mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Nature's Vision]: Mana cost reduced to 9% of base mana (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Paralytic Poison]: Mana cost increased to 60% of base mana (was 50%),}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            and will now correctly consume one charge of [Paralysis] when it is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            consumed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Earth Shock]: Damage increased by 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Fire Nova]: Damage increased by 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      *  [Glyph of Free Action]: This glyph has been replaced with a new glyph, [Glyph of Free Action]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Free Action causes your finishing moves to reduce the cooldown of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             finishing move and all other movement-impairing abilities by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * For the purposes of this glyph, the term "flanking" means that it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              only removes movement-impairing effects from the moving target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Free Action: Now refreshes the effect of this glyph to have it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          applied to both the finishing move and the moving target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Seal]: This glyph has been replaced with Glyph of Seal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Tolerance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Seal Tolerance increases the effectiveness of [Expose Weakness] by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Expose Weakness causes your finishing moves to reduce the cooldown of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           your finishing move and all other movement-impairing abilities by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Expose Weakness causes your finishing moves to reduce the cooldown of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           your finishing move and all other movement-impairing abilities by 30/60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Seal Tap]: This glyph has been replaced with Glyph of Seal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        Tap. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Seal Tap increases the duration of your [Seal of Blood] by 10/20/30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Star}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Mana Tide Totem]: Mana cost of this totem is now based on level, and will now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              applied to the paladin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s initial maximum mana of 10% per 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             mana over 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Searing Totem]: The bonus coefficient remaining on this totem is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             based on level, not level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Strength of Soul]: Now a stacking buff, stacking up to 2 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Emerald Dreamcatcher]: Mana cost has been lowered to be equal to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Emerald Dreamcatcher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Eternal Sun-Totem Master]: Now has a fixed effect, causes a 5%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          chance per enemy hit with the totem when used on a target, and is a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          shared talent talent available to all Retribution paladins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thick Obsidian Dagger]: Now also grants a chance to break a spell cast on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the target when the effect is resisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Mana Elixirs of the Zandalari]: This talent no longer causes a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          desync effect on the character when the talent is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Mana-Stars of the Zandalari]: This talent no longer causes a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          desync effect on the character when the talent is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [The Mana-Stars of the Zandalari]: This talent no longer causes a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          desync effect on the character when the talent is used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relinquished}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mastery: Ritual of Summoning] now increases the healing dealt by your summoned pets by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          100% while in [Primal Fury].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shifting Shadow] now increases your pet's damage by 25%, up from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Stellar Drift] no longer has a minimum level requirement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ysera's Gift] now has a minimum level requirement of 26.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The following talents have been changed or removed: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Hemorrhage] (Artifact Trapping): Now has a PvP duration of 10 seconds, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           instead of 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Mangle] (Mage Armor) has been redesigned: Arcane Blast now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           deals 130% weapon damage, but causes Arcane Damage over 6 seconds to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           trigger a 3-second cooldown on Arcane Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Pyromaniacs] (Arcane Explosion): Causes your Arcane Weapon to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           generate a charge of Lightning for your next Fire spell cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Storming Inferno] (Arcane Explosion): Deals 125% weapon damage, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         causes Arcane Weapon to generate a charge of Lightning for your next Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unstable Affliction] (Elemental Affliction): Now also increases the damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         dealt by your Lightning spells by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Unstable Winds] (Unstable Affliction): Now also increases the damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         dealt by your Lightning spells by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All abilities that modify damage done by an ability (e.g. [Rep}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DRUID}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The (Talent-Based) Ability}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Starfire] (Balance) now heals the Druid for 4% of their maximum health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      (up from 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUNTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Hunter's [Aimed Shot] can now be used in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blade Flurry] now restores mana based on the hunter's base mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    point cost (up from 1 mana per 1 point).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Burrow Attack] now increases damage by 1% per attack (up from 2%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blade Flurry] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cobra Shot] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Claw] damage increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deterrence] (Bear) now has a (Talent-Based) passive effect that reduces damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    taken by 20% (down from 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fortifying Roar] now has a (Talent-Based) passive effect that reduces damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    taken by 15% (down from 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Adrenaline Rush] now causes the Hunter's crit rate to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Crackling Jade Lightning] now causes the Hunter's melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    speed to be increased by 30% (down from 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Greater Mending] now causes the Hunter's melee speed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to be increased by 30% (down from 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The (Talent-Based) passive ability [Ferocious Inspiration] now increases the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       critical strike chance of [Stampede] by 1/2/3/4/5% for each level of the Hunter above}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       level 10.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The (Talent-Based) passive ability [Kill Shot] now causes [Stampede] to deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       additional damage, but no longer deals full auto-attack damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The (Talent-Based) passive ability [Rushing Jade Lightning] now increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the critical strike chance of [Stampede]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Frost Nova]: The tooltip has been corrected to now reflect that this glyph does not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    increase the duration of Frost Nova's movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of Icebound Fortitude]: The DPS tooltip has been corrected to now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                indicate the glyph increases the amount of damage done by an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Shield]: This glyph now works correctly with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      [Unbreakable Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Treasures]: Now works with [Unbreakable].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Burden of Guilt]: The tooltip has been corrected to now indicate that this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Burden of Wisdom]: The tooltip has been corrected to now indicate that this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Burden of Truth]: The tooltip has been corrected}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fury of Arthas, Wrathmantle, and Thessalis, spawn at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 honorable [[Legion Forge].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Conflagrate]: Conflagrate deals increased damage to players,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increasing your chance to critically hit with spells by 3/6/9/12/15%, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increasing your chance to critically hit with spells by 5/10/15/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fury of Arthas, Wrathmantle, and Thessalis] now has a 1.5-second cast time (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 1.75 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fury of Arthas, Wrathmantle, Thessalis] now has a 2-second cast time (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hemorrhage]: Damage done by this ability increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hemorrhage]: This talent now increases the healing done by your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Glyph of Hemorrhage] by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Hemorrhage]: This talent now increases the healing done by your }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Glyph of Hemorrhage] by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Necrotic Strike]: Now has a 30-yard range and 3 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Predatory Strikes]: Now has a 15-yard range and 3 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pestilence]: Damage done by this ability increased by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Predatory Strikes]: Now has a 15-yard range and 3 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Premeditation]: Now heals you for 1/2/3% of your maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Premeditation]: Now has a 30-yard range and 3 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Preparation]: Now has a 30-yard range and 3 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune Tap]: This talent no longer has a prerequisite and is now triggered by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the priest's [Necrotic Strike] when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    it heals a player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune Tap]: This talent no longer has a prerequisite and is now triggered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by the priest's [Necrotic Plague] when it deals damage to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    targets that are immune}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Firestone] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Curse of Recklessness] is now only available to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Frost Nova] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Ice Nova] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Ice Storm] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Mending] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Smite] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Storm] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Talents of Storm] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Unleash Life] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Balance] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Power Word: Shield] is now available only to Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Nature's Grasp] is no longer a Glyph of Nature's Grasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Moonbeast] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wave] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wild Growth] is now available only to Restoration druids.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wyvern] is now available only to Restoration druids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           and [Felhunter's Mark].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the Mists of Pandaria mailbag. Please take a moment and read this while in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 following form:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your mailbag now includes your most recent mailbag entries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The item level requirements for the following items have been changed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Argent Crusade Mail (Argentina)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Argent Dawn Mail (Denmark): Now requires 567 Conquest or higher to make.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Ironforge Mail (Denmark): Now requires 567 Conquest or higher to make.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn Mail is now Bind on Equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn Mail is now subject to diminishing returns in certain raid boss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      drops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Argent Dawn Mail is now more resistant to disarm when equipped by a non}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mail from the following Argent Dawn factions are no longer Bind on Equip:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Feral Aspirants, Feral Aspirants, and Feral Aspirants (Alliance)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Greenwall Aspirant, Greenwall Aspirant, and Greenwall Aspirant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (Horde)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Hammerfall Aspirant, Hammerfall Aspirant, and Hammerfall Aspirant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (Horde)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Isle of Dread Aspirant, The Lost Isles Aspirant, The Grim Batol, The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Edge of Dawn The Ring of Justice, The Great Iron Pit, The Blackrock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Altar, The Black Morass, The Great Pit of Saron, The Great Escape,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       The Silithus Aspirant, The Silithus Aspirant, and The Silithus Aspirant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       (Horde)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The Scarlet Monastery Aspirant, Scarlet Monastery Aspirant, The Human Illusion,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Judgement of the Maker, and The Scarlet Monastery (Alliance)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALL PET ABILITIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Pet abilities that are learned automatically by pets are no longer tied to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       chosen pet's class when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raise the flag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entirety of the Vale of Eternal Blossoms will now be available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 players with Honorable Kills, as this change will allow for the much needed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 increased role-playing depth for level 80-90 characters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veteran of the Frozen Wastes and Warsong Gulch will now be able to earn this award in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arcane}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arcane}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Protection}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Protection}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of the Blood Furnace]: Now increases damage done by your next [Frostbolt] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * 10/20%, up from 5/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Blood Strikes Back]: Now increases attack power by 2/4%, down from a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Bloodsurge]: Now increases your attack power by 2/4%, down from a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Deep Wounds]: Now increases damage done by your next [Frostbolt] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       10/20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Death from Above]: Now increases damage done by your next [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blast]: 2/4%, down from a 3/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Disease]: Now increases damage done by your next [Frost Nova] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       2/4%, down from a 3/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Expel Harm]: Now grants 2/4% increased chance to Critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Exorcism]: Now grants a flat amount of spell crit healing to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    priest instead of a percentage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Exorcism]: Now increases chance to critically hit by 1/2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Frost Nova]: Now generates 1 Frost Nova every 2 seconds, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    3.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Festering Wound]: Now reduces the duration of Frost Fever by 15%/30%/45%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (from 1 second), but no longer reduces the duration of Festering Wound by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Fanaticism] now increases Critical Strike by 30% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Relentless Strikes] now has a chance to generate 1 charge of [Explosive Trap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sacred Shield]: The cooldown has been reduced to 6 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unyielding Faith] (Holy): The damage and mana cost have been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          The cast time has been adjusted to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Bolster] now grants 25% damage reduction (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crusader Strike] now deals 75% weapon damage (was 45%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Defensive Stance] now grants 30% damage reduction (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hemorrhage]: The effect has been reduced to 10% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Healing Touch] now heals for 35% (was 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Levitate] now heals for 5% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Shock] now heals for 5% (was 6%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pulverize] now grants 25% damage reduction (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchantments}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The effects of engineering potions and engineering gems have been modified}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       for their functionality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Enchantment create-of-the-week: materials are given out based on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       highest rank of the buff duration, giving a bonus to a given effect that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       requires it in the buff's duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * All engineering constructs can now be purchased with cloth from several}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The material rewards of engineering quests have been substantially reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}