{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Warmth of the Wind] no longer causes [Divine Hymn] to trigger a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Divine Hymn] now has a random chance to be a proc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Heart of the Sky] (Windwalker) now reduces the cast time of [Skyfall] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Shadowy Arcanic Touch] (Windwalkers can now learn it by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Altar of Trickery). This exotic-inspired ability lets the shaman add a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           little extra spell power to their damage for a short duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman can now learn [Shamanistic Healing Wave]. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Shamanistic Healing Wave] heals the shaman for 40% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            health (up from 30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Shaman can now learn [Shamanistic Primal Tenacity] by spending a shaman's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Nature's Focus (the shaman gains the effect of a Restoration heal),}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          and using [Nature's Focus] (the new [Wild Growth]) while in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          these three forms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wild Mushroom]: This herb can now be consumed by pets that use the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         mushroom to generate Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wild Mushroom: Attain Ore] now requires a Primal Key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wild Mushroom: Attach Ore] now requires a Primal Key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      SHAMAN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      General}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Awakening] healing increased by 200%, and effect reduced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         by 10% in PvP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Awakening] now increases the shaman's base healing by 50%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         per point of the shaman's Strength (up from 30%) and auras by 20% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         50%)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Plea] now grants 20% strength (down from 30%) and an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         increase to attack power for each 25 Strength (down from 50%) of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         shaman's Strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Storm] is no longer a talent and is now a full }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         specialization available at level 76.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Guidance] now increases the healing of [Lightning Bolt] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         100%, down from 125%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Guidance] now increases the healing of [Lightning Bolt] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         125%, down from 140%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Wisdom] now causes the shaman to gain 100% spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         haste (down from 150%) and spell critical strike chance with spells cast at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the shaman (down from 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ancestral Wisdom] now causes the shaman to gain 100% spell critical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         strike chance with spells cast at the shaman (down from 150%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Bane of Light] now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shifting Will]: Now increases the duration of your [Beacon of Light] by 2 rounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Spellblade]: Now increases spell damage by 5/10/15%, up from 3/6/9%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Twin Blades]: Increases the range of [Twin Blades] by 3/6/9/10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the White Whelp]: Now reduces the cooldown of [Whelp of the Whelps] by 2 rounds (was 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         round].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the White Whelp]: Now reduces the cooldown of [White Whelp]'s [Whelp of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Whelps] by 1 round (was 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Wyvern Master]: Now increases the range of [Wyvern Master] by 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Warrior's Thunderstrike]: Increases the duration of your [Thunderstrike] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ability to 9 seconds, up from 6 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Warrior's Wyvern Strike]: Increases the damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Thunderstrike by 5/10/15%, up from 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Paladin: [Glyph of Exorcism]: Now increases the damage done by your Exorcism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      spell by 5/10/15%, up from 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Priest: [Glyph of Holy Wrath]: Now increases the damage done by your Holy Wrath}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell by 5/10/15%, up from 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Rogue: [Glyph of Backstab]: Now reduces the cooldown of your [Backstab] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         ability by 1 round, up from 3 rounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman: [Glyph of Lightning Shield]: Now reduces the cooldown of your Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shield spell by 1 round, up from 1 round.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Shaman: [Glyph of Chain Lightning]: Now reduces the cooldown of your Lightning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell by 1 round, up from 1 round.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warlock: [Glyph of Cripple]: Now reduces the cooldown of your [Cripple] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell by 1 round, up from 1 round.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of the End]: Now increases the duration of [Endless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Strikes]: 1 round, 2 rounds, 3 rounds, 4 rounds, and 5 rounds,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         remaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Thunder]: Increases the critical strike chance of [Thunder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Strikes] by 2/4/6/8/10%, up from 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Siphon Life]: Reduces the cooldown of your [Siphon Life] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Sunder Armor]: Increases the area of effect of your [Sunder Armor] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spell by 3/6/9/12/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of the Warrior's Armor]: Increases the amount of damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         melee attacks by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Spirit of Redemption]: Reduces the cooldown of your [Spirit of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Redemption] spell by 4/7/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor]: Increases the amount of damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Unbreakable Armor by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of Strength of Earth]: Increases the amount of damage done by your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Strength of Earth spell by 4/7/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Warrior: [Glyph of the Warrior's Armor]: Increases the amount of damage done by your}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Mangle] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Pistol Shot] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Pistol Shot] now deals damage incorrectly with ranged weapons and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rapid Recuperation] now restores mana based on the Paladin's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              total health and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rapid Recovery] now restores mana based on the Paladin's total}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              mana and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Renew] now heals the Paladin for 50% of damage taken (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Rejuvenation] now heals the Paladin for 50% of healing received}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              (up from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Seal of Corruption] now causes damage based on the Paladin's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               total health and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Seal of Blood] now causes damage based on the Paladin's total}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               health and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Seal of the Martyr] now causes damage based on the Paladin's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               total health and damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ambush], [Backstab], [Cheapshot], [Sapshot] and [Vanish] all now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          have new sounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       SHAMAN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Chain Lightning], [Lightning Bolt], [Lava Burst], [Lava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Flow], [Lightning Shield], [Stormstrike] and [Wind Shear] all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          now have their sound effects increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ancestral Awakening], [Ancestral Guidance], [Grounding Totem], [Lava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Shard], [Lava Lash], [Lightning Bolt], [Lightning Stream], [Wind Shear] and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Lava Lash] all have their sounds increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Fixed a bug where mana regeneration was not capped at 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Abolish Poison] now has a cooldown of 10 seconds (down from 15 seconds), but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          no longer causes [Frost Fever] or [Necrotic Strike] to deal additional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage to targets afflicted by the afflicted poison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of Shadow] - Now has a 20-second cooldown (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dark Pact] - Is now trainable at level 22.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dark Transformation] - Mana cost is now based on level and spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          power. Effect will now stack with spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Enslave Demon] - Tooltip updated to be more clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Fever] - Is now trainable at level 14.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Shadow Blades] - Now has a 30-second cooldown (down from 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          hour).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shadow] - Now provides a 25% chance to activate Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Blades, Shadow Nova, and Shadow Bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pulverize] - Now grants 12% damage reduction, lasts for 15}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds, and no longer reduces the cast time of [Pulverize].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Blood] - Damage done by this ability has been reduced by 40%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] - Mana cost is now based on level and spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          power. Effect will no longer stack with Shadow Word: Pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Infusion] - No longer increases the healing done by this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Touch] - Mana cost is now based on level and spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vampiric Ritual] - Damage done by this ability has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Discipline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Penance] - Tooltip updated to be more clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Improved Discipline Guilt] - This talent has been renamed to [Penance] and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          now becomes instant and free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Inner Focus] - This talent has been renamed [Inner Focus] and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          grants a 5% chance per attack to reduce the cooldown of your [Inner}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Focus] and [Penance] spells by 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Death Knight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knight Talent Specializations:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Fever] - Is now an instant cast talent (down from a 30-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbite] - Is now instant cast and has a 50% chance to trigger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from the Frost Fever talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mana Feed] - Is now instant cast and has a 50% chance to trigger from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the mana talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyphs:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Chaining] - Now reduces the cooldown on [Chain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Jab] by 2 seconds per application of the [Glyph of Chaining] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Death Strike] - Now reduces the cooldown of Death Strike by 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds (down from 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Frost Shock] - Now increases the damage done by Frost Shock by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           35% (}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Several fixes and improvements have been made to the Paladin abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    has a 10% chance to generate [Holy Shock] (was Physical damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] now causes a healing shield that decreases in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effectiveness with [Astral Communion] to heal the target for 100% of the amount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Nova] (was Physical damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock] (was Physical damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock] (was Physical damage).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Nova] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Holy Shock] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Holy Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prayer of Mending] now causes a healing shield that decreases in effectiveness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with [Astral Communion] to heal the target for 100% of the amount healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Focus] (Holy) now has a chance to proc [Shadow Word: Pain] instead of [Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Blast].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spell Reflection] (Holy) now costs 0 mana and has a 1.5 second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spell Reflection] (Holy) now has a chance to proc [Spell Reflection] instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Holy Blast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Magic] now reduces the mana cost of all spells by 50% instead of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reducing the mana cost by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spell Reflection] (Shadow) now costs 0 mana and has a 1.5 second cast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals Holy damage, damage shield (was Physical damage), and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now causes a healing shield that reduces in effectiveness with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Silence] (Shadow) is now a passive ability for Shadow priests. It causes a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30 second cooldown on the priest's spells and abilities, and a 50% chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cause a stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Silent Resolve}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * The effects of Heart of the Crusader have been altered. The damage that it deals }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       its targets is now reduced by attack power and attack power scaling. However, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the damage that its targets deal is now affected by attack power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Heart of the Crusader]: The damage from this talent now deals its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          primary effect from the Paladin class spell, instead of the paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Insanity]: The effects of this talent were not properly controlled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by the paladin's [Vampiric Touch] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Prayer of Fortitude]: The critical strike chance bonus from this talent is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          properly affected by spell damage caps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Devouring Plague]: We've fixed a bug where this talent was not granting its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          triggering chances, instead causing its duration to extend its duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Nova]: The visual effect on this ability no longer gets stuck}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          on targets that are immune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Suffering]: The effects of this talent were not properly controlled by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          paladin's [Vampiric Touch] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Druids in Ironbark have been able to set up a new graveyard discovery hub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There are now quests for creating a guild flagged graveyard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [70Piece of the Sun King]" is now tracking party members (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players tracking other players).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [110Guild Payer's Stone]" now tracks all players (up from only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players tracked by the quest giver).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [80Sage's Stone]" now tracks all players (up from only players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       tracked by the quest giver).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [80Warmth of the Dragon Mother]" now requires the completion of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       non-combatant's quest. This quest is available to all characters that have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       completed the quest " [110Warmth of the Dragon Mother]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [80X Rare Log]" now requires the completion of a non-combatant's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       quest. This quest is available to characters that have completed the quest " }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [80X Rare Log]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [60Piece of the Dragon King]" now requires the completion of a non-combatant's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       quest. This quest is available to characters that have completed the quest " [60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [60Piece of the Dragon King]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Characters that have completed the quest " [110Piece of the Dragon King]" can now use the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       quest " [110Piece of the Dragon King]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [90Piece of the Dragon King]" is now available for free trials. Characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       that have completed the quest can now use the quest " [90Piece of the Dragon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       King]" for free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Characters that have completed the quest can now use the quest " [90Piece of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Dragon]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [90Piece of the Dragon King]" now requires the completion of a non-combatant's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       quest. This quest is available to characters that have completed the quest " [90Piece}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of the Dragon King]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [90Piece of the Dragon King]" is now available for free trials. Characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       that have completed the quest can now use the quest " [90Piece of the Dragon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       King]".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest " [90Piece of the Dragon King]" now requires the completion of a non-combatant's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       quest. This quest is available to characters that have completed the quest " [90P}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mark of Arthas, a rare quality invitation, has been added to existing Mark of Arthas instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WORLD BOSSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Arthas and his men have breached the Dark Portal, the Lich King's forces have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 turned the dangerous dungeon into a veritable war zone. With the help of the demon hunters of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arathi Highlands, the Alliance and Horde have begun scouting the Kun-Lai}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and have begun sending reinforcements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS: BLACKMAUL STONE AND MAGTHERIDON INCURSION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning Crusade and its demonic minions have taken the Black Isle of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magtheridon and its monstrous minions out to investigate. The Horde and Alliance have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 made great strides in stopping the demonic invasion, and now the Burning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demon Spores have begun to take advantage of these gains.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Burning Crusade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Burning Crusade dungeon bosses now have a chance to drop new, unique items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Burning Crusade faction rewards for defeating bosses in this content have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chances of a boss dropping an item dropped in a region with this dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dungeon boss have increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop an item dropped in a region with this dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       boss boss has decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Depths}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands, has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon maps have been added to Eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Spire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands is now 5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon maps have been added to Blackrock Spire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon bosses have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Slag Bag}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Maraudon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has decreased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon bosses have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackwing Descent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New dungeon boss added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Stranglethorn Vale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a boss to drop a set of Adamantite Wands has increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arthas now has a chance to drop a set of Adamantite Wands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The interface options that come with using the Alliance and Horde Battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Battleground systems have been updated to support the additional options.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The UI for using the Horde Battleground UI now supports up to five players on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    battleground at one time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Alliance/Horde Battleground UI now supports up to five players on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    battleground at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Alliance Battleground UI now supports up to five players on the battleground at}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you use the Alliance Battleground UI to select a player to invite to the party, you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now have a confirmation dialogue to confirm that player is invited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you use the Horde Battleground UI to select a player to invite to the party, you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now have a confirmation dialogue to confirm that player is invited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now cancel the buyout at the bank by using the /console}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now tell the auction house what you're paying for the item with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    player action bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now tell the auction house what you're paying for the item with a /console}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Now support for WoW client macros can be enabled with /etc/macros.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now change the font size of the chat frame and the font}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    color of the chat frame name when you are chatting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now show a confirmation dialogue when you have a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Frost Fever] now heals for 200% (up from 150%) when used on a target that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  has [Frost Fever] on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Cleansing Wrath - Mana cost reduced, cast time reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cleansing Wrath] no longer clears all of the cooldowns on [Lightning Bolt] or }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Lava Burst].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cleansing Wrath] no longer clears the cooldown on Lava Burst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earth's Grasp] now reduces damage taken by 20% (down from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthbend] now reduces the mana cost of [Earth Shield] by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthstone]'s effect now has a range (down from 40 yards) and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration of (up from 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthstone]'s effect now has a range (down from 40 yards) and a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          duration of (up from 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Earthstone]'s effect now has a cooldown of (down from 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Atonement] now restores mana equal to 4 times the amount healed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Atonement] for 6 seconds (down from 10 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Borrowed Time] now lasts for 15 seconds (down from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Renew] now heals the player for 3% of their maximum health (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          6% and Pummel, respectively).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Soothe] now lasts for 15 seconds (down from 20 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade] now deals 450% of weapon damage (down from 460%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade]'s cooldown has been reduced to 90 seconds (down from 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade]'s cooldown has been reduced to 90 seconds (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Tricks of the Trade]'s cooldown has been reduced to 30 seconds (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          from 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Waking Fate] now has a 25-second cooldown (down from 1 hour).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Widow Venom] now costs 1 Rune of Clarity (down from 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wyvern Sting] now heals for 4% of the damage dealt (down from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Winter's Chill] now lasts for 15 seconds (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Claw] now causes [Steady Shot] to charge 1 charge of Steady}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Shot (down from 2 charges), and now grants Rip (down from 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          charges).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Wing Clip] now causes [Gun Shot] to charge 1 charge of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Shot (down from 2 charges), and has a 50% reduced chance to critically hit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           with the weapon (down from 3% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Feline}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Might] now reduces the amount of Physical damage taken by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Consecration] now cleanses all magic effects when cast on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Faerie Fire] now lasts 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Flamestrike] now deals a spell-over-time damage equal to 20% of the Flamestrike's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         critical strike chance to the Flamestrike's victim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Frostbolt] damage increased by 4%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Last Resort] now has a 3-minute cooldown (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Mage Armor] now absorbs 4% of the damage done by the mage's magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells, up from 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Pyroblast] damage increased by 20%, and direct damage increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Rockbiter Weapon]: Now deals 40% increased damage (was 30%) while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         using Rockbiter Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shard] now deals 6% of the damage dealt by the mage's magic spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (was 4%) and 40% (was 45%) while using Shard Weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spellsteal] now lasts 8 seconds (was 5 seconds) and can be used on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         targets immune to movement slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spellsteal] now lasts 8 seconds (was 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blessing of Kings] now transfers 20% of the damage done by the caster's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         single target spells to [Power Word: Shield].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] now transfers 5% of the damage done by the sacrifice's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         recipient's spells to the priest's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Holy Fire]: Damage done by this ability increased by 30% while in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Light of Dawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Holy Nova] now deals 60% of the damage done by the mage's spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (was 50%) and no longer deals damage to non-player targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Holy Light]: The damage done by this ability is no longer increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         by the percentage of base mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ray of Hope] now deals 40% of the damage done by the mage's spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (was 50%) and no longer deals damage to non-player targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Focus] no longer has a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Mastery] now grants 25% increased attack power, and no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         lowers the Shadow damage threshold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Weaving] now reduces the cooldown of Shadow Word: Pain by 3 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (was 2 seconds), and reduces Shadow damage taken by 2% (was 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadowform] no longer reduces the cast time of [Shadow Word: Pain].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Silence] now reduces the cast time of [Silence].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Silence] cooldown reduced to 30 seconds (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit Bond] now lasts 8 seconds (was 6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Surge of Light] now lasts 10 seconds (was 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Volley] damage increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vampiric Embrace] now grants 25% increased threat, 10% of which is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         increased healing, and no longer causes [Inner Focus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vampiric Touch] now causes the mage to regenerate 2% of their total}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         health every time they deal direct damage with their [Inner Focus].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mage Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mirror Images should no longer sometimes remain stuck on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Seal of Corruption] now increases runic power by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                           critical hit for Shadow priests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Seal of Blood] now increases Blood Magic, Blood Presence, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    Blood Presence's effectiveness by 30% on targets afflicted with }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        Corruption (up from 25% on targets afflicted with disease).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * General }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Lean Pack]: Increases the range of [The Lean Pack] to 5 yards (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                3 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of the Magister's Shuriken]: Increases the duration of [Magister's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Shuriken] by 2 seconds (was 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Purge]: Reduces the mana cost of [Purge] by 30% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               30%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Priest }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Power Word: Shield] will now increase damage taken by 10% (was 0%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Shadow Word: Death] now causes Shadow damage equal to 10 times the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              priest's crit rate, but no longer causes Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Spirit of Redemption] - Talent for Shadow priests increased to 30% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Rogue }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of Command] now grants 10% (was 15%) dodge chance, and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             grants 10% (was 15%) parry chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of Fury] now grants 10% (was 15%) dodge chance, and now grants}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             10% (was 15%) parry chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Seal of Recklessness] now grants 10% (was 15%) dodge chance, and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             grants 10% (was 15%) dodge chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Vampiric Blood] now has a maximum of 6 (was 4) applications (was 8).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Binding Heal] now has a maximum of 6 applications (was 8).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Binding Heal] now deals 450% damage (was 280%) with all spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             abilities, and the cooldown has been reduced to 90 seconds (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Burning] now reduces the cooldown of [Lava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 Burst].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchanting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Enchanting [Shield of Righteousness] increases the duration of your [Shield of Righteousness] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                 * 10 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Enchanting Recipes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Ingredients (infused elixirs) now have a chance to drop from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               the appropriate type of crafted item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Ingredients (infused elixirs) now have a chance to drop from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              the appropriate type of crafted item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Ingredients (infused elixirs) now have a chance to drop from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              the appropriate type of crafted item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Ingredients (infused elixirs) now have a chance to drop from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             the appropriate type of crafted item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Recipes (moonkin, blood elf, gnome, human, troll, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              undead, and paladin) now have a chance to drop from the item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              that they were made from a recipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Enchanting Ingredients (moonkin, blood elf, gnome, human, troll, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              undead) now have a chance to drop from the item that they were made}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              from a recipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Spirit of Harmony] (Elemental) now affects [Lightning Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Spirit of Harmony] (Elemental) now causes [Lightning Shield] to grant a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              chance to grant a charge of Holy Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Rune of Power] (Elemental) now causes [Shield of the Righteous] to grant a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          charge of Holy Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Twilight Ward] (Elemental) now grants a chance to grant Holy Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           to a charge of Holy Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] (Elemental) now grants a chance to grant a charge of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Holy Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] (Elemental) now causes a charge of Holy Power to grant a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Holy Power charge of Holy Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage] (Elemental) now grants a chance to grant a charge of Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage] (Elemental) now causes a charge of Holy Power to grant a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Holy Power Charge to the Holy Power Tap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    MISCELLANEOUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The level requirements for glyphs which modify the appearance of a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     target have been adjusted to match the level of the intended target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * A number of items which modify the appearance of a target have been made}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      available for the character to create with the help of a paladin or wizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Flawless Claws] and [Flawless Claws: Chain of Thune] can now be crafted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       using the trainer and recipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Unholy Might] and [Unleashed Rage] can now be used by an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       equipped paladin or wizard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New Level-60 Spellbook: Spells }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * The new level-60 spellbook provides tips for making use of the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 new talents, talents, and enchantments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level-60 raid and PvP level-60 dungeons now have new dungeons in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          each with new encounters and rewards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level-60 raid and PvP level-60 dungeons now have a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          difficulty level designed to challenge players of both levels and skill levels}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to complete the dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The level-60 raid and PvP level-60 dungeons now have a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          sign up feature, allowing players to receive a bonus to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ability to complete the raid and PvP level-60 dungeons simultaneously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now utilize the level-60 raid and PvP level-60 dungeons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          while in a vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dungeon Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now utilize the Dungeon Finder to create and manage their own}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dungeon designs. Players can then choose to create a group dungeon or create a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          single-queue dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Group dungeons now have a minimum role of assisting in creating,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          assisting with creating a group dungeon, and a maximum role of assisting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          in creating a group dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The minimum role requirement for creating a solo or hybrid group}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dungeon has been lowered to assisting in creating a group dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Group dungeons now provide a weekly bonus of honor equalizing the weekly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          amount of experience needed to gain a full role of assisting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHAMAN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Chain Lightning]: The tooltip on this spell has been adjusted to reflect the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    correct functionality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Earth Elemental Totem]: Totem link with [Lightning Bolt] no longer has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    chance to consume an item or trigger an effect that can place a Shaman in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fire Nova Totem]: The tooltip on this spell has been adjusted to reflect the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    correct functionality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Flametongue Weapon]: Damage bonus has been changed to a flat damage increase from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ghost Wolf]: The damage on this weapon has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Living Bomb]: This weapon will no longer get a chance attack when used on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    targets that have immunity to starting or damage from spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lava Lash]: The damage on this weapon has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Lightning Spikes: The bonus movement speed from this spell will now properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    apply to druids that use [Bash] or [Eviscerate] while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Shield]: The bonus damage from this spell has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thorns]: The bonus damage on this spell has been reduced by approximately 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Thunder Clap]: The bonus damage from this spell has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Tree of Life: The bonus healing from this tree has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Windfury Totem: This totem will no longer remove the effects of [Life Tap].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Totem]: The bonus healing from this totem has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Windfury Totem: The bonus healing from this totem has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Totem]: The bonus healing from this totem has been reduced by approximately}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Windfury Totem]: The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The damage of [Mastery: Brewmaster] has been increased, and the damage of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              [The Brewmaster] now scales in damage proportionate to Strength of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              the attacker's level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Dancing Rune Weapon] now deals 30% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Restoration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ancestral Awakening] now also increases the healing done by [Lifebloom] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          20/40/60% (down from 40/60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Retribution}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Aegis] now increases healing done by 30% (down from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Wrath] now heals for 30% (down from 55%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Early Innervate] now provides a bonus of 10/20/30% (down from 15/30%) to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the attack power cost of the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEATHERWORKING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new Mechanokin Tailoring section on the Equipment pane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new section for Leatherworking recipes that are found on world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    drops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new Leatherworking recipe for a [Boots of the All-Merciless Blight].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [4-Piece Bags]. These bags can be shared with up to five}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Green Boots]. These bags can be shared with up to five}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HERBALISM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Lifeblood] and [Life Cocoon]. These bags can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    be shared with up to five other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Nethershard]. These bags can be shared with up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    five other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Citrine Crystals]. These can be shared with up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    five other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Fused Wiring]. These can be shared with up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    five other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Nethershard], an uncommon quality material used in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Meteorite and [Titanium Plating]. These bags can be shared with up to five}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Nethershard, a superior quality material used in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Titanium Plating]. These bags can be shared with up to five other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Citrine Meteorite]. These bags can be shared with up to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    five other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Pristine Mithril Mantle]. This item can now drop in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    dungeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Nethershard, a superior quality material used in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Titanium Plating]. These bags can now be shared with up to five other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Nethershard, a superior quality material used in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Titanium Plating]. These bags can now be shared with up to five other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Crystal Shards], an uncommon quality material used in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Titanium Plating]. These bags can now be shared with up to five other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new recipe for [Citrine Meteorite], an uncommon quality material used in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Titanium Plating]. These bags can now be shared with up to five other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    players.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FISHING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new fishing node, the [Shrine of Stars]. This new location}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    will allow those who have completed the requirements to more easily catch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fish from the pool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Added a new fishing pole, the [Rimbiter],}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Higher Level dungeon quests have received additional tuning and polish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CITIES AND FACTIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW HIGHEST DUNGEON RAIDING IN THE MACAU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players who join the Highmant or Highmountain West factions to fight on behalf of Tauren or Horde}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will receive a new raid structure: the Highmant, held by the Tauren and Horde.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This raid structure will allow players to form a powerful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monk bond with an NPC ally, and work together to overthrow the current}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 current ruler of Tauren or Horde. These raids will have weekly and daily bonuses and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tips, and are intended for a variety of raid composition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Highmant will be a hub of Tol Barad and Orgrimmar, the capital city of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Alliance. The Highmountain West faction will extend the Reach and the Eastern Plaguelands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the Horde in order to provide a foothold for the new raid structure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players can raid Tol Barad and Orgrimmar together in one of two locations:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Orgrimmar faction will be located on the western coast of the Darkshore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and the Orgrimmar faction will be located in the eastern Plaguelands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ORC BATTLEGROUND FEATURES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW REWARDS OF THE MACAU}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players can choose to fight on their account or with reputation with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Highmant. Both factions will award their players faction to the faction that's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    most recently obtained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Both factions will offer a bonus to battle rating equal to their level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Both factions will offer a vendor sell price equal to their reputation with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Highmant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Both factions will offer a weekly achievement based on the largest number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    victories attained in a given week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Highmant will allow players to work together with the Highmant without}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    requiring them to join the faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Highmant is intended for use with other characters on a daily or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weekly basis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Highmant will allow characters to work together with the Highmant with}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    their other characters and without requiring them to join the faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Highmant will allow characters to work together with the Highmant with their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other characters and without requiring them to join the faction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW EVENTS AND NEW SEASON 2 PET DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mythology has it that the Titans and Azerothans with the most legendary items}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 are the ones who first opened the chests in season 2. Upon closer look, this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 believes that the Azerothans were the first to discover the wonders of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mythology of the Titans and Azerothans}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Titans and Azerothans are a new series of weekly quests that can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completed by players that have completed the Legendary Epic items in previous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 legends.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Consortium for the Blind, a guild of highly trained parrots, have launched an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 effort to raise funds to bring the flights of flying squirrels to life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEONS: DARK RACE: BATTLE OF DALOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle of Dalor is now open and the opportunity for new challenges is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 now on the brink. Players will need to raise the following level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 challenges to enter the battle:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Battle of Dalor is now open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The minimum level required to enter the battle has been raised to 68.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * There is now an option to provide a reward for completing the minimum level}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 challenges in the main instance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: DESTINATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will now be able to build and equip a permanent den of deserters in Dalaran to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 share lost technology.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DESTINATION: WARTHRUIDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war between the races for the Darkmoon Faire Victory Square and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle of Dessos has intensified. Players will now be able to make a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fantastic choice between accepting a challenge and staying in the battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The choice between accepting a Darkmoon Prize or accepting a Darkmoon Prize}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is now yours to make in peace.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Additionally, the choice of accepting a Prize has been adjusted for a smoother}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 matchmaking of PvE and PvP.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DESTINATION FEATURE: MYTHIC RACE RESURRECTION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new resurrection mechanic has been added, allowing players to resurrect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 themselves at a nearby graveyard. Players can no longer be proved to be dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DESTINATION FEATURE: THE GREAT MORBAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will no longer need to wait for a player's corpse to decompose in order to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reap the loot from the Great Morb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Guarded by the Light] now also increases spell damage by 15% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guarded by the Sun] now also increases the Sun's healing by 10% per point of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          mana spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Guardian's Distinction] now increases spell damage by 30% (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hammer of Justice] now also causes bonus damage in addition to healing to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          targets to be afflicted with Corruption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hibernate] now increases healing received by 25% (was 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Hot Streak] now increases the healing received by all targets by 10% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Protection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of Righteousness] now increases the damage of your spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          100% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Righteous] now increases the damage of your spells by 20%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shield of the Templar] now increases attack power by 2% per point (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons & Raids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Dungeons & PvP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players no longer need to enter a Heroic instance to gain levels}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          in that realm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Heroic dungeons now award reputation with the appropriate faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters in a guild are no longer able to have all 10 slots emptied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Players can now search for a role on the Dungeon Master role search}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Characters can now search for a role on a guild role search}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guilds can now have up to 12 members anywhere in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild leaders can now have up to 12 members anywhere in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild leaders can now have up to 12 members anywhere in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Guild currency may be used to purchase a role on a guild role}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          search portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Level 60 players can now join guilds that are in the Level 60 Outland}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           region.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battlegrounds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players will now be able to create and challenge other players in Battleground}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           matches up to 5 teams (2 for each team).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The matchmaking for these Battlegrounds can be found on the official}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Game Server forum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The standard Battleground matchmaking rules have been relaxed, and players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           can be found in the Battlegrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can take the Battlegrounds out to the Barrens and Vale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Zoned Scenarios for a run through of events to test the mettle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of the characters, challenge the other in Battlegrounds, and put a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           spin on the current meta-con.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The number of players who can be found in a Battleground has been reduced to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Battleground queue has been streamlined, and players can now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           queue for Battlegrounds that are already in progress automatically when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           the queue is full.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Battleground Finder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Battleground Finder for Pandaria now offers a weekly reward that can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Silencing Shot] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Silencing Shot] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Silencing Shot] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Backstab] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Sinister Strike] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Sinister Strike] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Sanguinary Touch] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Chastise] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Garrote] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Garrote] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Sanguinary Earth] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Sanguinary Earth] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Chastise] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Chastise] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Elune's Swiftness] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Viper Skin] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Scalding Taints] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Flask of Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Rune of Distinction] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Rune of the Deceiver] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Stun] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Wound Poison] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Wound Lightning] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Flask of Acid] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Wound Poison: Poison] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Health Funnel] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Health Funnel] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Health Funnel] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Vanish] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Soothing Mist] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Mage Armor] has been updated to be consistent with all other             Mage Armor items.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Piety] has been changed to a flat stat and has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sanctity Aura] no longer affects random spell critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wrath] now causes a 10% melee critical strike reduction when the mage is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          stunned by a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Barrier] now reduces all damage taken by 15% (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary], [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing of Sacrifice], and [Blessing of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Protection] have been replaced with new spells: [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of Sacrifice], [Blessing of Wisdom], [Blessing of Kings], [Blessing of Wisdom],}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and [Blessing of Sacrifice].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Kings] now increases damage done by [Assassination] by 9/15%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or increases damage done by [Consecration] by 1/2/3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now reduces magic damage taken by 15% (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Kings] now increases physical damage done by the Paladin by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    35/60% or increases physical damage done by the Paladin's magic by 2/4/6%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] now causes the paladin to grant 2 Holy Power on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    single swing, instead of 1 Holy Power on a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] now increases the bonus damage for a Paladin's Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Protection] now causes the paladin to grant 2 Holy Power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on a single swing, instead of 1 Holy Power on a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Crusader Strike] now deals damage in the same way Crusader Strike does.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deterrence] now prevents attacks from regenerating mana for 4 seconds, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    it no longer causes damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enrage] now causes the paladin to attack with a melee attack, healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or fleeing, casting or all 4 instant cast spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of Reckoning] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of the Righteous] now causes the paladin to gain an additional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    attack for each melee attack or spell cast against the paladin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of Wrath] removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Judgements of the Wise] is a new passive ability for Paladins that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increases attack power and spell hit rating by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Seal of Justice] has been renamed [Judgement of Wisdom], and its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects have been replaced with [Seal of Command].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Righteousness] now affects [Holy Light], [Flash of Light], and [Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Word: Chastise].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Vengeance] is a new passive ability for Paladins that increases damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    done by [Judgement of Wisdom] by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Command] now affects [Holy Light], [Flash of Light], and Holy Word: Chastise}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Seal of Righteousness] has been redesigned. Instead of a physical attack, Paladins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    can apply [Seal of Justice] to any melee attack they make. In addition, the paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    can use [Seal of Light], [Seal of Fury] and [Seal of Protection] to attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with any melee attack that would have struck the paladin. This seal instantly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    removes all threat from the attack, removes all threat from the paladin's next}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    melee attack, and refreshes the paladin's next melee attack with no cost. In}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    addition, Paladins can have all non-physical attacks, Holy spells and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    buffs, and Magic spells active, as well as spell casting errors. Paladins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    can have all non-physical attacks, Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Champions of Light (Artifact trait)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * There is now a new [Divine Prowl] PvP ability available to all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Guardian's Grace] now lasts for 20 seconds (up from 15 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Divine Hymn] now requires the [Healing Grace] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            healing buff to the target to receive it, but healing cannot exceed healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                of the target's maximum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Holy Reach] now heals 2 nearby allies for 100% (up from 1 ally}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               for 100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Focus] now enables Holy Power at all levels (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              medium level).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Inner Focus] now increases the bonus healing received by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              healing paladin by 20% (down from 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Prayer of Mending] now heals for 1% of maximum health per point of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              amount healed (up from 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Holy Nova] now heals for 1% of maximum health per point of maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing (up from 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Shield] now heals for 1% of maximum health per point of maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing (up from 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Power Word: Serenity] now heals for 1% of maximum health per point of maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          healing (up from 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sanctity of Battle] now grants 1 Holy Power per point of mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          spent (up from 1).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Strength of Soul] now increases all damage taken by 2% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           5%), and reduces the mana cost of Wrath by 30% (down from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spirit of Redemption] now increases the healing done by 2% (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Surge of Light] now has a cooldown of 3 seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Void Shift] now also causes your Holy Light to instantly restore 2% of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           maximum mana (up from 1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unleashed Rage] now grants 1% of base mana per point of mana spent (down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           2% and 1% of base mana).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Force] now increases the cooldown of [Holy Shock] by 30 seconds (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           from 30 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Sphere] now grants 100% of the Paladin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s Spirit to the Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           (up from 75%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance] now increases all damage by 2% (down from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance]: Holy damage done by [Holy Shock] by 25% (down from 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigilance]: Holy damage done by [Holy Nova] by 25% (down from 60%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vigil}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Flask of the Sunfire] now increases the healing of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                [Halo] by 20% (was 15%). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Blessing of Might] now increases healing by 30% (was 25%). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Champion of the Shifting Fates] now reduces the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              [Champion of the Golden Lotus] by 0.5 seconds (was 0.8 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fatigue now stacks up to 5 times (was 4).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Deep Freeze] now increases damage by 50% (was 30%). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Deep Freeze] now also causes Deep Freeze to root the target for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             4 seconds (was 2 seconds) when used against other players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MISTWEAVER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Winterspring Arena and Tier 9 Druid dungeons now award 60 points (was 50).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Winterspring Arena is now available at level 58 (was 42).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Tier 9 Druid Tier 9 Treant quests have been removed and replaced}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             with Tier 9 Shaman Tier 9 Treant quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The size of the Sunfire Ward in Winterspring Arena has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          accommodate the daily spawns. Player spells and abilities that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          cost Sunfire will now display their spell activation magnitude rather}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          than their base cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The Sunfire Ward will no longer sometimes be removed from the Sunfire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          pool after casting a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The achievement [Readiness] now requires a [Merciless Gladiator's Tribute] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to defeat Malygos in Silverton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [70W] Lethargy achievement has been fixed. It will no longer cause a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          rare creature to drop Malygos' [Valor Charm].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The [70W] Endgame achievement has been fixed. It will no longer cause a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          rare creature to drop Endgame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       CREATURES, AND NPCS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The following creatures and NPCs have had their level and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          creatures added to their respective faction requirements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lean Moulder]: This spell can now be cast on creatures that are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          exclusively melee-oriented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lean Moulder], [Glyph of Lean Moulder], [Glyph of Lean}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Moulder], [Glyph of Lean Moulder], [Glyph of Lean Moulder], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Glyph of Lean Moulder], [Glyph of Lean Moulder], [Glyph of Lean}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Moulder].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lean Moulder]: This glyph can now be cast on creatures that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          are exclusively melee oriented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Lean Moulder]: This glyph can now be cast on creatures that are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * Death Knights }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Breath of Sindragosa] now deals damage equal to 20% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Breath of Sindragosa] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Breath of Sindragosa]'s periodic healing has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Deep Wounds] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Death Coil] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Gore] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Pestilence] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Rune Tap] now deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            deals damage equal to 25% of your health (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Unholy Might] now grants 1 charge (down from 2 charges).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Starfall] now deals damage equal to 30% of your health (was 25%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            deals damage equal to 125% of your health (was 125%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Cataclysm] now deals damage equal to 30% of your health (was 25%),}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           and deals damage equal to 125% of your health (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Faerie Fire] now deals damage equal to 30% of your health (was 25%), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            deals damage equal to 125% of your health (was 25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Icy Veins] now increases healing done by [Incarnation: Tree of Life]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            by 25/50% (was 30/60/80/100%) and reduces the cooldown by 1 minute (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            60/90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Rupture] now increases the healing done by Rupture by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            50/100% (was 35/50%/75%/100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor] now increases the damage reduction by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            50/100% (was 35/70%/75%/100%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Ursaring] now also increases the movement reduction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            from Rupture by 25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Regalia] now increases the healing done by Rupture by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Unholy Might] now increases the healing done by Rupture by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            25/50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Ironbark] now deals damage equal to 30% of your armor (was 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Pyroclasm] now deals damage equal to 125% of your health (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            125%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Scorpid Poison] now deals damage equal to 30% of your armor (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death knights using [Blessing of Might] no longer require a [Frost Nova] to cast, and will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          gain Frost Nova charges while under the effects of Frost Nova.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unholy Might] and [Unholy Might] no longer cost a [Conflagrate] or [Shadow Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Might] now grants a 5% chance per combo point (up from 1%) to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          activate Starfire and [Wrath], [Hammer of Wrath], and [Hammer of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Light].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] and [Blessing of Kings] now grant a 5% chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (up from 1%) to activate Hammer of Justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blessing of Sanctuary] now grants a 5% chance per combo point (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          1%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Death Coil] now has a chance to activate while you are afflicted by crowd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          control effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Nova] and [Frostbrand] now have a rank (14) that can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          automatically removed by Blizzard's debuff making system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BLOOD CHANGES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blood type was the determining factor on the decisions Blizzard made in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the course of their recent Resilience work. In order to properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         balance the number of health and survivability of their damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         mitigation, we've taken steps to remove that factor from the game. We}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         will be making a Major Resolve patch to address this in a major way,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         reducing the number of points spent on Resilience by the same amount and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         merging it with baseline Resilience. As such, the Blood deathrattle we}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         are making now has a smaller number of points to compensate for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         removal of Resilience. The scaling and diminishing returns of those}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         changes will continue to be the focus of the discussion of scaling and diminishing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         returns for different stats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood deathrattlers now start with a healthy amount of health, but will burn more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health per blood point (while in [Resilience]) upon death. This will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          be different for each class, specialization, and tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Blood deathrattlers will be split into two tiers: The lower tier}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          will burn less health per blood point (while in [Blood Protection]) and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          more (while in [Blood Presence).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * All classes will have more health and rage when [Blood Presence] is active}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (levels 71-80). Both will burn less health per blood point (while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          in [Blood Presence]) and rage (while in [Blood and Brains]) upon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death knights now start with roughly 20% of their total health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (before [Resolve] and [Blood and Brains]) remaining after their [Blood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Surgency] or [Blood Strike] ability is used. As a general rule,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          all classes will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoneforge Quartermaster Azrael will now properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    resurrect you with the Stoneforge Quartermaster's energy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The interface options "Enable all file transfers" and "Enable all data}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    transfers" have been removed from the options panel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * When enabled, the option to use the mail server will open a mail client}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that accepts PGP signature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * When enabled, the option to use the mail server will open a mail client}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that accepts the Secure P2P network header.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mail server that receives the mail will now reply with a confirmation code}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to confirm that the mailer accepts the P2P key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mail server that receives the mail will now reply with a confirmation code}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to confirm that the key was used for the sendmail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mail server that received the mail will now reply with a confirmation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    code to confirm that the key was used for the sendmail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * If you have a guild mail client that you do not have signed, the mail will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now reply with a code to send you a guild key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * In the mail interface, a checkbox has been added to allow players to place a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ticket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Players will now be able to place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mailbox is now very large and the mail interface has been made much easier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mail interface has been made much easier by using a clickable button to add a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ticket to the mailbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The mail interface will now display that you can place multiple tickets on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    computer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place multiple tickets on the chat interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Using a mouse over a ticket will display the name of the ticket in the list of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    available tickets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now place a ticket in the chat interface without opening the chat window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * You can now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mastery: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dire Frenzy] damage has been increased by 45%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gri'lek's Might] damage has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Keg of Might] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Maul] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [N'zar's Might] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [O'rot] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Saronite] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Toughness] damage has been increased by 7%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Voidfang Leggings] now have a passive ability that increases armor by 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wushoolay's Pants] now have a 2-minute cooldown (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wushoolay's Pants] now have a 2-minute cooldown (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wushoolay's Pants] now have a 2-minute cooldown (was 1.5 minutes).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Curse of Recklessness]: The pet's hit points and attack power will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly decrease with levels past 300.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Curse of Recklessness]: The pet's hit points and attack power will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly decrease with levels past 400.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Curse of Agony: The pet's hit points and attack power will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly decrease with levels past 300.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Portal] now only causes threat to your enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Portal] now only causes threat to your enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Dark Soul] now only causes threat to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon] now only causes threat to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Infernal's Lasso: The Magic Resistance effect will now be removed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    correctly when the item is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resilience] will now affect the damage of spells and abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instead of the damage caused by spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resilience] can now affect damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resistance] will now affect the damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resilience] can now affect damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resistance] can now affect damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resistance] can now affect damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Demonic Resistance] can now affect damage done instead of healing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon] now only causes threat to your enemies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enslave Demon] now only causes threat to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fear] will now properly reduce the cast time of enslaved demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fear] will now properly reduce the cast time of enslaved demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Fever] will now properly reduce the duration of enslaved felhunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Fever] will now properly reduce the duration of enslaved felhunter spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Immolation Aura] will now properly slow the movement of enslaved felhunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Maze]: The tooltip for this talent will now update correctly when affected by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    controlled explosion effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Incinerate]: This talent will now properly interact with the [Blizzard] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mutilate]: This talent will now properly function with the [Blizzard] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nightfall]: The tooltip for this talent will now update correctly when affected by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    controlled explosion effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prowl] and [Swipe]: The tooltip for these abilities will now update}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    correctly when affected by a spell that has a cast time of less than 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rake]: The tooltip for these abilities will now correctly update correctly when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    affected by a spell that has a cast time of less than 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sap]: This ability will now properly affect the mana cost of enslaved}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    felhunter spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bite]: The tooltip for this ability will now update correctly when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    affected by a controlled explosion effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link] will now properly function with the [Blizzard] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowfury] will now properly affect the mana cost of enslaved felhunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Mastery] will now properly affect the mana cost of enslaved felhunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spells and abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link] will now properly function with the [Blizzard] talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Touch of Weakness] will now properly affect the mana cost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Glyphs }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Alabaster Shield]: Alabaster Shield is once again an Aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                attached to the wielder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Azure Tundra]: Azure Tundra is once again an Aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               attached to the wielder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of Azure Tundra: Grounded Ground is once again an Aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               attached to the wielder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Black Ice]: Black Ice is once again an Aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               attached to the wielder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Ice Armor] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Ice Armor]: Reduces the armor gained while your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Ice Armor is active to 0% of armor and reduces the amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            armor lost while your Frost Trap is active to 0%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Ice Armor] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Ice Armor]: Reduces the armor gained while your Ice}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Armor is active to 0% of armor and reduces the amount of armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            lost while your Frost Trap is active to 0%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Fae Silence] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Fae Silence]: Reduces the cooldown of your Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            silence spell by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Fae Silence]: Reduces the cooldown of your Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            silence spell by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Mental Misstep] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Mental Misstep]: Reduces the cooldown of your Mind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Blast spell by 5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Psychic Horror] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Psychic Horror]: Reduces the cooldown of your Psychic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Horror spell by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Glyph of Shadow Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of Shadow Bolt]: Reduces the cooldown of your Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Blast spell by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      MONK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Monks now gain a base amount of mana at all levels, but are no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          level-appropriate for all players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Players can now learn spells that consume different percentages of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          all active mana bars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      PALADIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Crusader Strike] damage has been increased by 10}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Ranged attack power scaling has been adjusted for 4- and 12-handed weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             respectively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Ranged attack power scaling has been adjusted for 4- and 12-handed weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             respectively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * The 5-piece bonus for Blood Horror and Blood Pact now causes the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Blood Horror spell to grant 0.5% mana per tick instead of 1% mana per tick}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     for the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 4-piece bonus for Blood Horror now causes the 2nd spell of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      horror cast to grant 0.5% mana per tick instead of 1% mana per tick for the duration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       struck targets that were under the effect of Health Pools and now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       benefit from them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 5-piece bonus for Blood Horror now makes the Horror have a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      10% chance to interrupt spellcasting when used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The 10- and 25-player raid instances now have a 30-minute cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       instances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Blood Horror to hit with a Frost Horror has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increased to 100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Frost Horror to hit with a Unholy Horror has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       increased to 100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Blood Horror to hit with a Unholy Horror has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Frost Horror to hit with a Unholy Horror has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Frost Horror to hit with a Unholy Horror has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a Blood Horror to hit with a Unholy Horror has been increased to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       100% chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Fever] now causes a 25% chance to generate an Ignite charge that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    deals 766 additional damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt] now deals damage on each tick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link]: This ability now heals the warlock for 0.5% of their maximum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link]: Soul Link grants all affected spells and abilities a 10% chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    to trigger an Ignite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt]: Soul Link no longer heals the warlock for 1.5% of their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Focus]: The cooldown for this ability has been reduced to 14 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Skull Bash] and [Shadow Word: Pain]: These abilities will no longer cause}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    their interruptions to trigger Mind Spike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bite]: The damage from this ability will now stack correctly with other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shadow Word: Pain and Shadow Word: Pain effects that temporarily reduce damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    taken by the warlock. In addition, the damage from this ability will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    sometimes trigger abilities that trigger when the warlock is hit with a melee}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Word: Death]: The damage from this ability will now stack correctly with other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Shadow Word: Pain and Shadow Word: Pain effects that temporarily reduce damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    taken by the warlock. In addition, the damage from this ability will no longer sometimes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    sometimes trigger abilities that trigger when the warlock is hit with a melee weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadow Bolt]: Soul Link now grants a 10% chance to generate an Ignite charge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that increases the damage taken by the warlock's Shadow Bolt spells by 958}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (was an 8% chance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Shadowform]: This ability has been redesigned. It now grants the warlock a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    10% chance to generate an Ignite charge when used against an enemy that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    has a Shadow spell active on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spellsteal]: This ability will now function properly again if a warlock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    or its pets use the ability.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUG FIXES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue that caused certain Macs to become stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Fixed an issue that caused some players in the East Coast to become}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Earth Shield] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                *  [Elemental Focus] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Flame Orb] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Elemental Focus] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Flametongue Talisman] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Lava Lash] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Lava Lash] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Mana Rift] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Mana Tide Totem] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Polefist Totem] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Rampage] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Searing Pain] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Searing Pain] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Slam] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Shred] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Chain Lightning] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Furious Slash] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Furious Slash] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Frostbolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frost Nova] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *  [Frostfire Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frostfire Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Fireball] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Frostfire Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frostfire Explosion] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Frostfire Explosion] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Frostfire Rod] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Fireball] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       *  [Frostfire Stings] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Firestone] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      *  [Flametongue] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     *  [Frostfire Bolt] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       *  [Frostfire Bolt] }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              / [Rapture] can now be cast anywhere in the world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              and is a global cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shackle Undead] now has a shared 40-second cooldown with [Frostbolt] (Elemental)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Spellsteal] can now be used on a cooldown (down from a global cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbrand Weapon] now has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostbrand Armor] has been increased to 42% increased armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Torment the Weak] now has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction] now has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wound Poison] can now be used on a cooldown (down from a global cooldown).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction] now has a 1.5-second cast time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frostbrand Weapon] and [Frostbrand Armor] have been increased to 42% increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Toughness] and [Frostbringer Armor] have been increased to 42% increased}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Presence]: Now has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unstable Affliction]: Now has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unstable Affliction]: Now has a 3-minute cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unstable Affliction] has been redesigned and renamed to Unstable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Affliction, and now reduces all damage taken by 6% (down from 12%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windfury Weapon]: Now +15% chance to resist the effects of Typhoon and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Windfury (up from +15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windlash Stave]: The 2- and 3-second cooldowns have been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windwarden]: The 2- and 3-second cooldowns have been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windwarden]: The 2- and 3-second cooldowns have been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windwarden]: The 2- and 3-second cooldowns have been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Windwarden: The 2- and 3-second cooldowns have been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Venom]: Now deals 5% of weapon damage as Shadow damage instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of 10% of weapon damage as Blood damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wyvern Sting] can now be cast on targets that are immune to movement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wyvern Mastery]: The Wyvern Master's Agility and Spirit have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       reduced to 30% of the master's Agility and 30% of the master's Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windwarden]: The 2- and 3-second cooldown has been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Windwarden]: The 2- and 3-second cooldown has been reduced to 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds (down from 5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lean Pack]: Now reduces the cooldown of [Between the Eyes] by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       60 seconds (down from 90 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Lean Pack]: Now increases the cooldown of [Between the Eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       60] by 1 second (down from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of the Seagull}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Death Knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Rogue }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Windwalker }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     * Warrior }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    * Retributioner }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Protection }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Retributioner's Empowerment }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Retributioner's Rest }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Druids }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Swift Fists of Nature }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Swift Fists of Nature's Dispersion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Ursa Major }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   * Felguard's Fire Blast }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    * Felguard's Scorch }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      * Mistweaver Glyph }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      * Glyph of the Typhoon }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                        *  [Glyph of the Siphon Life] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       *  [Glyph of the Voidwalker] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                         *  [Glyph of the Void] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                         *  [Glyph of the Voidwalker]: When this glyph triggers, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Glyph of Aura of Absolute Justice] now increases the area of effect of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    Aura of Absolute Justice to 40 yards (up from 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Battle Shout] now increases the range of Battle Shout by 8 yards (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  from 4 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of Dark Death] now increases the duration of Death Coil by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle for Azeroth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    The Alliance and the Horde have begun a new war. The war is no longer waged by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    alone heroes against each other, but rather between powerful forces,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    called the Dark Gods. These powerful forces include the Dark Iron dwarves,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the Darkheart dwarves, and the Darkfallen, the dark mightiest of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Dark Lords, having infiltrated both the Horde and the Alliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Please note that Warlords of Draenor beta test realms are subject to change}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    without notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Revantusk Point is now available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    ARENA SYSTEM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Arathi Basin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Zul'Gurub Arena has received a number of improvements and polish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level progression of level 90 characters in the Arena has been increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will now have a chance to win custom Battlegrounds and Arenas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 90 players can now join the Arathi Basin Battlegroup and be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       featured in its designated Battlegroup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Level 90 characters in the Arena can now port to and complete the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Zul'Gurub Crater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BUG FIXES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a memory leak that occurred during certain encounters in the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Black Temple raid boss room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    MACS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a memory leak that occurred during certain encounters in the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Temple of Kotmar encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that could cause some player models to appear larger than}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    BUG FIXES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fixed a bug that could potentially crash the game when the user}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       switches applications while in flight mode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will now be able to click links on their friends list without having to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       select a destination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    TABLES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Main Chat frame: View Main Chat Frame}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Chat Channel is now available via a new window called Main Chat Channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now send and receive mail via the Main Chat Channel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Chat Options pane is now called Options pane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Chat Channel options pane has been changed to show all options and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       restrictions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now right click the chat channel name and see how many}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       other players in the party or with the party can send or receive mail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Confirmation box for sending mail to a friend or receiving mail from a friend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       can now be seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now right click a person's name and see their name and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       friend's name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Confirmation box has been changed to Show All Confirmation boxes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Chat channels will now display in the Options pane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Chat Channel toggle has been changed to Show only Show All}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       boxes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Added a checkbox to toggle the Chat Channel from auto to "On" or "Off".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * There is now a checkbox that lets you know if the "On" box should be filled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       with party members or if the "Off" box should not be filled with party}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       members.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Error messages will now display for "Auto Connected" and "Internal Connected".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players who have the Chat Channel set to ON will now receive the mail}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       from their friends when they send mail to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will now receive mail from the Social tab when they are in a raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       group and when they are in a raid with other players in the same raid group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Social tab will now display in the Mail dropdown instead of the Mail}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dropdown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mail whose type is checkboxed will now show the name of the mail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Many items have been added to the vendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New recipes are available from a vendor in Dalaran. These new recipes allow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       cooks to create special foods and drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Recipes that previously required cooking with herbs now require them to cook}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       with a mineral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Recipes that previously required cooking with a tree have been added to the Dalaran}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Cooking School. These recipes teach cooking with herbs a skill that no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       hunter has ever attempted before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The costs and availability of cooking have been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Recipes that previously required cooking with a tree now require them to cook}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       with a mineral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Ironbark of Tanaan Jungle quest is no longer incomplete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Ironbark of Tanaan Jungle quest will now be easier to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several new rare items have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Many quests in Tanaan Jungle have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Ironbark of Tanaan Jungle quest can now be completed in less time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Several new rare items have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now complete the Ironbark of Tanaan quest by speaking with the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Timbermaw in Tanaan Jungle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Tanaan Jungle is now available to players with a minimum of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       content.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Timbermaw and the Timbermaw faction have been removed. The Timbermaw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       faction is now the Ironbark faction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    RACES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Human Illusion buff from the Horde version of the questline is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       workable by Horde characters of the same race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Human Illusion buff from the Alliance version of the questline is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       workable by Alliance characters of the same race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The human Illusion buff from the non-Human version of the questline is now usable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       by Horde characters of the same race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The Horde version of the questline now requires players to have killed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Ironbark and Ironclaw factions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now complete the quest to have all the non-Human versions of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Human Illusion buff changed to Human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now complete the quest to have the non-Human versions of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Human Illusion buff changed to Human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Characters that have completed the quest " [70D] Return to Tanaan Jungle" will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       receive a chest with a set of items that can be used to complete the quest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * "Timbermaw and the Timbermaw faction" has been removed. The Timbermaw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       faction is now the Human Illusion buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * "Timbermaw and the Timbermaw faction" can now be completed by players who}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       completed the quest " [70 - Emerald Dream] (Alliance)" to receive a chest with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       number that can be opened to provide a safe haven for Timbermaw and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Timbermaw faction. The quest will be available in all areas of Tanaan Jungle,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       but only the Horde version can be completed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    USER INTERFACE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items that can be equipped are now sorted according to class in the inventory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       options. All item choice options are available in the Options menu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * As a side effect of this change, players will no longer be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       disconnect depending on the quality of the Battleground they are in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Items which belong on the PvP tab will now be sorted according to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       level of the item in the PvP tab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no longer be able to select a random class to equip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can no longer use special mount or weapon effects on creatures}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       within the area of effect of an ability that they have not used before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Casting a spell that has multiple charges will now cancel all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  *  [Chi Brew] now increases your Haste by 5% (was a 100% increase)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                * Brewmaster Regalia now increases your Haste by 5% (was a 100% increase)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                       while in Brewmaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEM MANAGEMENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       A number of items provided for players in the game or in-game have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       amended or removed. Please consult the Character Sheet for additional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       UI}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The character sheet UI has been updated. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Tab targeting is now in the interface tab, along with options for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             tab targeting and more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * The options pane for "Show Items in the Inbox" has been split into a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              searchable pane and a searchable search pane for items by name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The options pane for "Show Inbox" can now be undone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * The character pane auto-populates an item with a checkbox ( [Binding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Material) for example).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The character sheet can now be used for logging out, recalling your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          player, and logging back in to play the same instance again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The character sheet auto-populates a total of 9 open slots for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instance (down from 10).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The character sheet auto-populates the first 10 slots (down from 20) for the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          instance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       BUG FIXES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where certain items appearing in the auction house would not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          appear in the auction house selection screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where players could be removed from combat after leaving a raid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where players in the party would not remain in combat for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          several seconds after leaving a raid group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where players could be removed from combat while leaving a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          dungeon and meeting again in the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where characters would sometimes be unable to equip the [Hand}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Leather Gloves] quest item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       GLYPHS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * A new achievement, [Glory and Clarity in the Game], is now available for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          players who have completed all achievements for the Legendary title [Glory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          to the Frozen Wastes and [Glory to the Blasted Lands].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Item level has been changed to item level 496.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shattered Necklace] is no longer a level-75 talent and no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          requires completion of the Shattered Necklace quests.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Warbringer Helm] has been removed and replaced with a PvP-enabling set}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          called Warbringer Axes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Darkglow Raiment] no longer requires the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Demonology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Dreadsteed - Your attacks deal increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic Mauler - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic Succubus - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic Stinger - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic War Scorpion - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic War Raven - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Demonic War Raven-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Contagion - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Contagion - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Contagion - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Conflagrate - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Corruption - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Corruption - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Suffering - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Suffering - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Starfall - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Starfall - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Souls - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Souls - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Weakness - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Weakness - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Drain Soul - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Drain Soul - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Resurrection - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Resurrection - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Might - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Might - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Resurrection - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Stormstout - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Wound - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Souls - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Voidwalker - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Will - Deals increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Swap] - Can only be used on pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Soul Effigy] - Can only be used on pets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Will of the Forsaken] - Tooltip updated to reflect that it works on all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       creature types.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Holy Nova] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mind Flay] - Duration reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Slow] - Duration increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shatter] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vanish] - Duration reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Swipe] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Poison] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vanish] - Duration reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vanish] - Duration reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] - Mana cost increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wound Poison] - Mana cost reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch] - Mana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Bash]: Causes a missile which can shatter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 helmets, shoulders, or other body parts, to deal damage equal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Subtlety Expands: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * New Subtlety Expands: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Expose Weakness]: Reduces the cooldown of a healing spell by 50/100/150%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               while vulnerable to damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Healing Touch]: Reduces the cooldown of a healing spell by 20/40/60%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              while vulnerable to damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Warding: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Elune's Fortune]: Reduces the cost of [Gift of the Martyr] by 30/60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              Treants by 50/100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Elune's Fortune]: Reduces the cooldown of [Gift of the Martyr] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             by 45/90 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Elune's Fortune now reduces the cooldown of [Elune's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Fortune].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Elune's Fortune now reduces the cooldown of [Elune's Fortune].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Entangling Roots]: Increases the healing done by Entangling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Roots by 50/75/100% while this glyph is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Major Expedition Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Elune's Fortune now reduces the cooldown of [Elune's Fortune] by 6/12/15%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (down from 7/12/15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Entangling Roots]: Increases the healing done by Entangling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Roots by 50/75/100% while this glyph is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Rupture]: Reduces the cooldown of Rupture by 45/60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (down from 1/2/3/4/5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Rupture]: Reduces the cooldown of Rupture by 45/60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (down from 1/2/3/4/5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Soul Swap]: Now reduces the cooldown of [Soul Swap] by 45}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (down from 1/3/4/5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Voidwalker]: Now reduces the cooldown of Voidwalker by 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (down from 3/4/5 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * New Minor Expedition Changes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of the Unseen Moon]: Now reduces the cooldown of [Unseen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Moon] by 1 second (down from 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you happen to encounter a player that you can defeat, please speak to them and try to get them to drop the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RETRIBUTION DUNGEON: THE SHADOW OF THE RAID CONTINUES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The adventures of Prince Kael'thas and the Alliance's finest continue in the Shadow of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raids. Collect all the Emperor's finest gear and head to Darrow Downs to claim the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 embarkation of your very own Kael'thas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GENERAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow is now open for play and the 25 player spawn rate has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a limited number of daily quests to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Creatures in the Shadow now have a chance to drop an item called a Heart of Flame (item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    required for the epic mount quest " [120] Heart of the Storm"). This item can be obtained}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from the following creatures in the Shadow at least once: [Moonkin], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Darkrai Cloth], [Thori'dal, Bludgeon of the Dark Lord], [Darkrai Gore], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Thori'dal Leather], [Thori'dal Weight Belt], [Thori'dal Weight Belt], and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Thori'dal Braid]. The Thori'dal Weight Belt and Darkrai Gore items are rare}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    items found in Broken Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a limited number of daily quests to complete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a chance to drop an item called a [Frostweave Net]. This item can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    be obtained from: [Dalaran Net], [Frostweave Net], [Frostweb Net], [Frostweave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Net Vest], [Frostweave Net Shoulder Pads], [Frostweave Net Around], [Frostweave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Vest], [Frostweave Net Underarms], and [Frostweave Net Spines].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Shadow now has a chance to drop an item called a [Gorefiend's Wands]. This}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    item can be found in Broken Shore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Mount Abilities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Farstrider] (Windwalker) now also increases the chance to dodge by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Serenity] (Windwalker) now reduces the cooldown of [Serenity].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Ring of Light] (Windwalker) now increases the duration of [Ring of Light] by 45}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchantments}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wild Mushroom], [Wild Mushroom Biscuit], and [Wild Mushroom Broiler] have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      made obsolete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Enchant Weapon - (replaces Boulderfist) - Allows the use of [Cannonball}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Blast] at a range greater than 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Tea] - (replaces Fermented Mana Tea) - Allows the use of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Drink Master's Elixir] at a range of 40 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Drink Water] - (replaces Boulderfist) - Allows the use of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Drink Water] at a range of 40 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Drink Tea] - (replaces Fluff) - Allows the use of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Lil' Bling] at a range of 40 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Blackrock Caverns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The goblin engineers have scaled the size of the cavern walls, making them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       even more difficult to climb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the goblins has been reduced to 25 (down from 50).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the orcs has been reduced to 20 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the draenei has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the gnomes has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the human characters has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the human race has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the gnomes has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The level of the dwarves has been reduced to 25 (down from 22).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Noggenfogger Elixir] - (replaces Jumper Cokes) - Allows the use of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mark of the Wild is a new level-100 epic mount that can be obtained from [Valar Mor's Tomb].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This item can be obtained as a quest in the [42] The Desolation of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Valor: Burning Steppes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Completing the quest line for this item grants 1 [Mark of the Wild] to any one}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 player that completed the questline, and is exclusive with all other Marks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Valor items that require one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PROFESSIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALCHEMY}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quality of alchemy has been increased by approximately 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quality of alchemy has been reduced by approximately 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mixology]: The amount of alchemy required to create a single [Mixology] has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been reduced by 15% and the cooldown has been increased to 60 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Magecrafting]: This item's tooltip no longer indicates it counts as an elixir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Alchemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a mage to learn a spell has been increased by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The chance for a mage to learn a spell has been increased by 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACKSMITHING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quality of blacksmithing has been increased by approximately 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blacksmithing] can now be crafted at a Blacksmithing trainer in Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enchanting] can now be purchased at a Blacksmithing trainer in Orgrimmar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Casting Frame]: This item now reduces the mana cost of spells on the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchanting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The enchantments for enchant weapons and shields have been changed slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Enchantment icons for weapons and shields have been changed to be more noticeable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENCHANTING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The quality of enchants has been increased by approximately 70%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchantment icons for enchant weapons and shields have been changed to be more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    noticeable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enchanting Frame]: This item now reduces the mana cost of spells on the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchantment icons for enchant weapons and shields have been changed to be more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    noticeable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enchanting Frame]: This item now reduces the mana cost of spells on the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    by 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Cutting Edge Signets]: Duration, cost, and effectiveness for these items have been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    modified to be more consistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Weapon: Creating a weapon and cutting it to 4 pieces will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cause the weapon to have a chance to grant a chance to increase the chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    grant a reduction to the cost of enchanting the item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Enchant Weapon]: This enchant weapon can no longer be triggered by spells}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that have a range greater than 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fletcher's Pick] is now usable while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Enchant Armor: These enchant items can no longer be triggered by root effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Fletcher's Pick]: No longer usable while in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gloves of the Gray Ridgewood]: This item can no longer be triggered by root}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gloves of the Grey Ridewood]: This item can no longer be triggered by root}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of Wrath]: This weapon can no longer be triggered by root effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Hammer of the Righteous]: This weapon can no longer be triggered by root}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heavy Core]: This item can no longer be triggered by root effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mark of Conquest]: This item now causes the target to gain spell power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    equal to their Intellect when it is triggered by a spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Mana Shield]: This item no longer causes a stamina drain on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nightfall]: This spell now lasts 60 seconds with a 100% chance of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    detonation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pendant of the Violet Eye]: The cast time of this item has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Ring of Frost]: This ring of frost can no longer be triggered by critical strikes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    from direct attacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune of the Soothing Soothe]: The rune to this gem has been changed to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    [Rejuvenation], and will work with any periodic damage ticks from the Ring}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of Frost and Rune of Cinder ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune of the Savage Serpent]: The cooldown on this gem will now be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reset if the Shaman has a critical strike chance of 90% or less.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sigil of the Sacred Serpent]: The cooldown on this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Dancing Rune Weapon" is now a "Soul Shard", which can be used to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         transform any Rune Weapon into a Rune Magic Rune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The ability " [Bloodseeker's Gauntlets]" will no longer cause players to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         enter combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Badge of the Crusader]" now reduces damage taken by 10%, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         no longer affects the warlock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Rune of Might no longer requires confirmation in the chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Crusader Hat]" no longer requires confirmation in the chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Treads]" no longer require confirmation in the chat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Dark Raiment]" no longer requires confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Dark Magehavoc" no longer requires confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Dark Whelp]" no longer requires confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Eyepiece]" no longer requires confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The " [Gladiator's Girdle]" no longer requires confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Gauntlets" no longer require confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Gauntlets" no longer require confirmation in the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Girdle" no longer requires confirmation in the chat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Girdle" will no longer cause players to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Girdle" now has a unique icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Gauntlets" no longer require confirmation in the chat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         log to use a yes/no checkbox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Girdle" now has a more detailed combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Girdle" now has a more detailed combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Gauntlets" will now only apply the required amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         bonus damage to a target per tick of the armor on the wearer's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         hands instead of the total damage over time the wearer would receive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" will no longer sometimes drop in the middle of an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         dungeon raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" is no longer a random drop from the Gladiator's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Gloves" are now Bind on Pick Up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" no longer requires confirmation that the wearer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         has PvP gear equipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for all damage-over-time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells, instead of only melee spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" can now be sold to vendors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for all damage-over-time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells, instead of only ranged spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for PvP spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for Holy spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for Holy damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The "Gladiator's Belt" now has a set bonus for PvP spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Furious Gladiator's Greatstaff] now requires [Seal of Blood] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               to be equipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            * Fist Weapons }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               * Improved Fist Weapons }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Furious Gladiator's Greatstaff] now requires [Seal of Blood] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 to be equipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Death Knight }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Disorientation] now has a 1.5-second cast time (down from 2.4-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                cast).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Frost Fever] now has a 1.5-second cast time (down from 2.4-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                frost effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Fear] now has a 1.5-second cast time (down from 2.4-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               frost effects).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Frost Nova] now has a 1.5-second cast time (down from 2.4-second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Frost Nova).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Frozen Orbs] has been replaced with Glyph of Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Orb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Glyph of Frozen Orbs] now causes the glyph to apply a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     debuff that increases the damage of the glyph by 30% (up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                    from 10% debuffs).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Druid }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Berserk] now applies a 30-second cooldown to [Envenom] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                and [Moonkin Form].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Cat Form] now also grants immunity to confuse effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Hunter }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Talents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Explosive Shot] now has a range of 40 yards (up from 30 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Ferocious Inspiration] now has a fixed duration (down from 1 minute).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Glyph of the Opening Shout] has been replaced with Glyph of Lava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               Blasting }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              *  [Glyph of the Opening Shout] causes [Lava Flow] to deal a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 increased amount of direct damage to the primary target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       MONK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starfire and Frostfire will also now both be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           castable on the same target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Avoidance] (passive): Now reduces damage taken by 5% while dodgeable, but no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    longer reduces the amount of damage taken while dodgeable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Cower]: Now reduces the amount of damage taken while dodgeable by 20%, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    is no longer affected by Mastery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Cower: Now reduces damage taken while dodgeable by 30% and increases damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     taken by 10% while dodgeable by 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Cower]: Duration is now 8 seconds, but can no longer be used in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     trades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Cower]: Now increases the cooldown by 30 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Cower]: Now increases the cooldown by 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    *  [Glyph of Emerald Fever]: Cooldown reduced to 6 seconds, down from 8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Emerald Fever]: Now decreases the cooldown by 1 second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Emerald Fever]: Now also increases the chance to critically hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Leech]: Cooldown reduced to 12 seconds, down from 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mending]: Duration reduced to 6 seconds, down from 4 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Nourish]: Cooldown reduced to 12 seconds, down from 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Fixed a bug causing [Glyph of Mind Flay] to generate the same threat as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      periodic damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Fixed a bug causing [Glyph of Rapid Decomposition] to generate the same threat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     as periodic damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Fixed a bug causing [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor] to generate the same threat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     as periodic damage spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  HUNTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Steady Shot]: This ability can no longer be a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Point-Source Autostrut]: Now properly increases its chance to critically hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scatter Shot]: Now properly uses the crit chance reduction from Steady Shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scorpid Poison]: No longer receives a critical strike strike rating from effects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that increase the chance to critically hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scorpid Poison]: No longer receives a critical strike strike rating from effects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that increase the chance to critically hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Trueshot Aura]: The damage from this ability will now scale as the Stamina}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    increase from item bonuses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer]: Now grants 100% energy regeneration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unleashed Rage]: This ability now increases damage with a melee attack by 4% per}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    level up, but no longer increases attack power by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This ability will no longer trigger a cooldown when used on a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    hostile hunter's pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Wyvern Sting]: This ability can no longer be a critical strike rating}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    rating hunter's Wyvern Sting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SHAMANS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tremor Totem]: The tooltip has been adjusted to indicate the totem is not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    critical strike rating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Talents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Elemental Combat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Focus]: This talent now has 2 ranks, up from 1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Call of the Dark Portal]: This ability will no longer sometimes trigger a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cooldown when the warlock uses it on a non-targetable target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Drain Life]: The damage from this ability will now scale with the level of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    caster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Spell Reflection]: This spell now correctly reduces chance to be dispelled by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unstable Affliction]: This spell will no longer sometimes fail to work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Will of the Necropolis]: This spell can now trigger a cooldown when used on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a non-targetable target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unholy Might}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The damage-over-time effect has a 1.5-second internal cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The following items has been adjusted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Hurricane]: This glyph can no longer be triggered by a hit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            with a non-tank target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Wrathbringer]: Now displays a visual effect on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            target's weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The following items has been adjusted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wrathbringer]: Now displays a visual effect on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target's weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wrathbringer]: Now displays a visual effect on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target's weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wrath]: Now displays a visual effect on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target's weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Wrath]: Now displays a visual effect on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           target's weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      RACIAL TRAITS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      We are still redesigning and improving the ability to have races have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      distinctive abilities based on the abilities they have available. Most racials}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      have been moved into a class specific area of specialization, where they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      become stronger as they get closer to level 70.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Fel Iron Rod] now provides a flat amount of attack power for a 21}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Fel Iron Rod: Focused Rage] now provides a flat amount of attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         power for a 24 slot slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Additionally, racials have been moved into their respective areas of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      specialization. Race Specializations now provide some of the same functionality,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      but are limited to specific abilities and talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Runescroll] has been redesigned. It now reduces the casting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of a random spell by 0.5% for 8 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wing Clip] now reduces damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vicious Strikes] now reduces damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vicious Strikes: Damage done increases with levels.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Bite] now reduces damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vicious Strikes: Critical strike chance bonus now scales with attack power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     instead of spell power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Bite] now reduces the damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vicious Strikes: Damage done increases with levels.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Shadow Focus] now reduces the cooldown of Shadow Focus by 10 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  (down from 1 second).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Volley] now reduces damage taken by 10% (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Volley]: Damage done increases with levels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A female troll shaman, Kazzak the Black, has been summoned to Azeroth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This new encounter offers players a chance to trade experience for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monsters that they may battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW WAY TO INVADE THE WORLD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players can now visit their faction's capitals and towns to initiate an adventure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ITEMS AND ITEM STATS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following items and items from the items and items from the bosses in Undercity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will now decrease in value by % rather than by attack power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FROST TUNNEL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Frost Tunes Expedition has taken a foothold in the Scholomance and the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oblivion Hold. Players can now take the quest, " [53] Frost Tunes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " and complete the quest to gain access to the Heart of Azeroth" in order to access this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 new zone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACHIEVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The achievement " [Aeon of Righteousness]" has been moved to Tier 3, down from Tier}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4, and the achievement " [Aeon of the Golden Mind]" has been moved to Tier 4, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 from Tier 5.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACHIEVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The achievement " [Aeon of the Golden Mind]" has been moved to Tier 4, down from Tier}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACHIEVEMENTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The achievement " [The Icebound Foe" has been moved to Tier 5, down from Tier 4.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BONUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AFFLICTION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Conquered Mind" achievement has been moved to Tier 7, down from Tier 4.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Flask of Forgotten Kings" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Frostbite Cloak" achievement will now persist when your pet is out of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    your line of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Frostbite Cloak" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Frostbite" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Frostbite" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Mantle of Command" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The "Frostbite" achievement will now persist through death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CLASSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Bloodrage]: The tooltip for this buff will now update correctly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    when a death knight's spell damage is reduced by more than 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Spirit Tap]: This talent will now work with [Blood in the Stream].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Blood Presence]: This talent will now work with [Blood in the Stream].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadowguard]: This talent will now work properly with [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadowstrike]: Now correctly affects the damage done by [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Unholy Presence]: This talent will now work properly with [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Shadowstrike]: Now correctly affects the damage done by [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Windfury]: This talent will now work properly with [Gore].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Unholy Blight]: This talent will now work correctly with [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Unholy Blight]: This talent will now work properly with [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Wound Poison]: This talent will now work properly with [Gore].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Weakenened Souls]: The tooltip for this talent will now update}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    correctly when a Soulstone is used on a target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Weakened Souls]: This talent will now work properly with [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Weakened Souls]: This talent will now work properly with [Gore].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Bloodsurge]: This talent will now work properly with ranks 2 and 3 of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bloodthirst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Bloodstalker]: This talent will now work properly with ranks 2 and 3 of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bloodthirst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Improved Bloodsurge]: This talent will now work properly with ranks 2 and 3 of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Bloodthirst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Nether Protection] no longer has a cooldown on using when a death knight shields}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    itself or when using [Riposte].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Necrosis]: This spell now correctly applies its bleed effect on a target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damaged by a critical strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Now works with ranks 1 and 2 of [Death Coil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Necrotic Strike]: Now works with ranks 1, 2, 3, and 4 of [Death Coil].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pestilence]: This ability now works correctly with ranks 4 and 5 of [Frostbite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Piccolo of the Flaming Fire]: This ability will now always refresh the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    duration of [F}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Glyph of Guile]: This glyph now causes [Glyph of Guile] to transfer the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                amount of damage it does by 5/10/15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Healing Wave]: Healing Wave causes the movement slowing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           effect to reduce by 50/100/150% for 10 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: Using this glyph causes the movement slowing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           effect to reduce by 50/100/150% for 2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Pain Suppression]: The debuff from this glyph now lasts for 15}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds instead of every second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Shadow]: This glyph now causes [Glyph of Shadow] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increase the critical strike chance of [Shadow Slash] and [Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Strikes] by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Sunder Armor]: This glyph will now affect [Sunder Armor].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wyvern Sting]: This glyph will now affect [Wyvern Sting].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing Clip]: This glyph will now affect Wing Clip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing Clip]: This glyph will now affect Wing Clip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-On]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-On Strike].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect Wing-Stomp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect Wing-Stomp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-Stomp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-Stomp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Lethargy]: This glyph will now affect Lethargy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Thunder]: [Glyph of Thunder] now affects [Thunder Clap] and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          [Thunder Clap] and [Thunder Clap] and no longer affects [Enveloping Mist].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wyvern Training]: This glyph will now affect [Wyvern Training]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing Clip]: This glyph will now affect Wing Clip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing Clip]: This glyph will now affect [Wing Clip].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-On]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-On Attack].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-Stomp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will no longer affect [Wyvern Sting].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wyvern Sting].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wing-Stomp].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wing-Stomp]: This glyph will now affect [Wyvern Sting].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of the Horseman]: This glyph will now affect [Insect Swarm] and [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Mangle]: Now affects [Insect Bite].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Tail Sweep]: This glyph will now affect [Unleashed Rage].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wind Slicer]: This glyph will now affect [Wind Slicer].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Glyph of Wyvern Mastery]: This glyph will now affect [Wyvern Mastery].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Original Elite Hunter mount!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R.O.U.T.A!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PVP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * A new Honor Point system will be available at Honor Commodities vendors for players who}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    complete the requirements to become eligible for the Honor Points reward. Heroes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    that have earned enough Honor Points to upgrade to Elite Hunter mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    will receive an additional Elite Hunter mount reward called a Champion's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Horse. Elite Hunter mount rewards include mounts for a limited number of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    pets, mounts for a mount that can be traded, and a chance at winning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    a mount!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Elite Hunters who complete the requirements to become Elite Hunter mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    characters will receive a new Elite Hunter mount! Every Elite Hunter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    character that has won a mount should receive a new Elite Hunter mount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with a chance at winning a mount!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Elite Hunters that have unlocked all of the Hunter Proficiencies and Proficiencies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Slot 2 will receive an additional Elite Hunter mount reward called a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Champion's Horse. Elite Hunter mounts that can be used for trades, such as a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    rare mount, are now purchasable for 10 Honor Points.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Elite Hunter mounts are available for purchase with Honor Points from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    other Hunter class trainers. These mounts can be used to mount pets, and will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    provide a way for players to earn their mounts faster and with a little skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Elite Hunter Hunter pets will have their stats and abilities updated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    with a new look and feel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Hunter Hunter pet Journal now has new tips and information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Hunter Hunter pet Frame has been improved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Hunter Hunter pet Eyes have been added to the pet Frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Hunter Hunter pet Traits have been added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Hunter Hunter pet Abilities have been updated with new abilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: MOUNT DWARF}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battle against invading forces, including the fearsome Count Darrow, in the depths of Dalaran}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has arrived a new raid featuring a host of new and exciting content. Players will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take the fight to Dalaran, and your reputation will soar!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Battle for Darrow's lair}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalaran's largest city, Darrowshire, will become accessible in this new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 level 70 raid dungeon, and players will take the fight to Darrowshire, and all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of its secrets and treasures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: Lord Darrow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This new level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowshire rise}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and spread their influence throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Alliance and Horde will help challengers of Darrowstrasza rise and spread their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 contribution throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Afterlife}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and spread their influence throughout the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Stranglethorn}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Stratholme}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Wailing Caverns}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Maw of Darrow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon will be available in Dalaran and the surrounding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 farms as a result of a successful petition from players seeking new challenges. The}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenger's Guild and the Alliance will help challengers of Darrowstrasza}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rise and continue their push into the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * New Raid: The Maw of Darrow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A level 70 level 70 raid dungeon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   *  [Amberglow] - Fixed a bug where the damage increase was not increased while in }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     [Corruption].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Maelstrom Weapon] (Level 90) }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Maelstrom Weapon] causes the mage's spell power to be split}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             evenly between two nearby enemies. This effect cannot occur more than}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             once every 90 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Molten Armor]: Reduces the damage your magic shots take from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the target by 40% while your weapon is active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pyroblast] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shatter] damage has been increased by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Slow] now reduces the cast time of your slow effects by 0.3 seconds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (down from 0.6 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Water Shield] now increases damage by 30% (down from 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Water Shield] has a new spell effect available at level 71:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           [Frost Shock].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Water Shield] now increases damage by 30% (down from 35%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] damage has been increased by 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Thunder Clap] now lowers the mana cost of [Frostbolt] by 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Blast] damage has been increased by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Blast] now causes your spells to deal an additional 20% spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           haste for each of your Thunder Clap abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Blast] now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds (down from 12}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Intellect] now grants 10% spell haste (down from 15%),}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          and now increases spell critical strike chance by 2% (down from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Precision] now grants an additional 10% chance to generate spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           critical strikes (up from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Elemental Precision] now grants an additional 10% chance to generate spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           critical strikes (up from 5%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frostfire Bolt] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blizzard] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ice Lance] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] damage has been increased by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now costs 20 Frostfire Bolt (down from 30 Frostfire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Bolts), which reduces the cast time of the next spell by 50% (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           from 75% cast time).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mortal Strike] now deals 350% weapon damage (down from 460%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Reincarnation] now gives a 20/40/60% chance to interrupt your [Reincarnation] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           or [Soulstone] spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blink] now has a range of 15 yards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Consecration]: Cooldown reduced to 2 minutes, down from 3 minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Fear]: Now also increases the damage done by your Shadow and Holy spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         2/4/6%, down from 3/6/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Hemorrhage]: Mana cost reduced to 9%, down from 12%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Insignia of the Alliance]: This weapon no longer has a minimum level requirement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         for the Warrior to be able to equip it. It is instead a signet thread with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         60 second cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Misdirection]: Now has a 100% chance to proc, up from 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Arms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Berserker Stance]: Ranks 1-3 now grant 10% increased damage to your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         weapons, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Blood Craze]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Improved Overpower]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Mortal Remorselessity]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Pummeldown]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Rampage]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Rune Tap]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Slam]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Vigor]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wound Poison]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Warbringer]: Now grants 80% increased damage, up from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knight PvP 2-piece bonus: Now grants 10% increased damage, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Death Knight PvP 3-piece bonus: Now grants 50% increased damage, up from 35%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Frostfire Bolt: Now grants 10% increased damage, down from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy Wound: Now grants 20% increased damage, up from 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy Wound: Now grants 20% increased damage, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy Wound: Now grants 20% increased damage, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Unholy Wound: Now grants 20% increased damage, up from 20%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Dungeons and Raids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone dungeons now award a [Consecration] buff equal to or greater}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      than 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone Raid boss kills now award a [Rainfall] buff equal to or}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      greater than 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone raid bosses now award a [Rune Tap] buff equal to or greater}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      than 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone raid bosses now award a [Rune Charm] buff equal to or greater}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      than 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone raid bosses now award a [Flask of Tricks] buff equal to or greater}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      than 50% of their maximum health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Raid bosses in dungeons that drop a random Keystone item now drop a random}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      random Keystone item after the dungeon has completed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone Raid bosses in areas of the world that have an increased chance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      drop a random Keystone item now have a different rank of the Keystone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      item.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone Raid bosses in areas of the world that have an increased chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      to drop a random piece of the Keystone item after the dungeon has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      completed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Mythic Keystone Raid bosses in areas of the world that have an increased chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      to drop a random piece of the Keystone item after the dungeon has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      completed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Shooting Stars] now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds (was 6 seconds), and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               now increases weapon damage by 60% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Aimed Shot] now increases the weapon's attack power by 100% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Aimed Shot] now increases the weapon's attack power by 100% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Aimed Shot] now increases the weapon's attack power by 100% (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Aimed Shot] now increases the weapon's attack power by 100% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Aimed Shot] now causes [Steady Shot] to deal 50% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       PRIEST}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Management Core] now increases Shadow Word: Pain damage by 30% (was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          25%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadow Word: Pain] now deals damage based on a percentage of the attacker's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] now reduces damage taken by 15% (was 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shadowform] now grants 20 seconds of the passive effect, which reduces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          damage taken by the target by 25% (was 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Unplugging] now requires a heal on all party or raid members to activate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the effect, as well as the target to be removed from play.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Wake Life] now heals for 50% of attack power (was 50%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Zen Meditation] no longer provides a buff on the target who is awakened}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          (instead, they receive a buff of a short duration to the target's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          health).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       ROGUE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Ambush] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Backstab] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Burst of Speed] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Blind] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Cheat Death] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Curse of the Elements] no longer deals Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Dismiss Spell] can no longer be used on targets with the Rogue's health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          below 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Eviscerate] no longer deals Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Frost Nova] no longer deals Shadow damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Mutilate] is no longer usable on targets with the Rogue's health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          below 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Pummel] is no longer usable on targets with the Rogue's health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          below 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Riposte] is no longer usable on targets with the Rogue's health}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          below 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sap] is no longer usable on targets with the Rogue's health below}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Sap] now costs 20 Energy (was 10).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Shred] is no longer a critical strike against PvP targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stampede] now deals 100% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             * Kidney Shot's proc rate has been reduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Kidney Shot] now deals 10% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Kidney Shot] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              player spells to transfer 10% the damage taken (down from 15%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Poison Bomb] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all non-player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glyph of Resuscitate] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all non-player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Blossom] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all non-player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Raven] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all non-player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Unbreakable Spirit] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Glyph of the Unbreakable Shield] is now a Minor Glyph that causes all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            players to take 10% less damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Ferocious Bite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ferocious Bite] now deals 20% more damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LEGENDARY ITEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DEATH KNIGHT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Knives]: These weapons no longer have bleed effects from their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    triggered effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil]: This item no longer has its bleed effect disabled by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    user's deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil: Cold Blood]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    on the victim's corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil: Shadow]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil: Soul Smite]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Death Coil: Tongues]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostweave Bandages]: These healing items no longer break stealth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostweave Bandages]: These items no longer break stealth effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Gorefiend's Longbow]: The damage from this weapon has been increased by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    100%, but its damage absorption shield has been reduced to 7.5% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    weapon's level (down from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Heavy-Handed Strike]: This weapon's tooltip has been corrected to indicate it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    does damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Necrotic Strike]: This weapon's tooltip has been corrected to indicate it does}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Prowl]: This ability will no longer sometimes fail to activate when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    victim's breath weapon is unequipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Rune of Razorice]: The rune tooltip has been corrected to indicate it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    does damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sigil of the Unbound]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sigil of the Unbound] now provides the triggered effect for Mage Armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sigil of the Unbound]: This item now provides the triggered effect for Paladin Armor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    but no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Sigil of the Unbound]: This item now provides the triggered effect for Rogue Armor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Soul Link]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Swipe]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Tricks of the Trade]: This item no longer triggers the deathclaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vampiric Touch]: This spell can no longer trigger On Hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Pact] no longer causes Fear, instead causes increased damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Pact]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by Curse of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Pact]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by Curse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         of the Elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Pact]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Lightning Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Shield]: The shield provided by this talent now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         chance to grant you a critical strike with spells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Resilience]: This talent now reduces the mana lost per point of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         resilience lost by a percentage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Spirits]: The mana gained by this talent is now based on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Spirit of the demon summoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Touch]: The mana gained by this talent is now based on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         caster's Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Fury]: The bonus to Strength and Intellect from this talent is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         now considered a critical strike, and cannot be increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Demonic Protection]: The bonus to Stamina and Intellect from this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         talent now increases per point of Agility you possess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Demonic Touch was changed to a flat damage spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Fever] will now affect targets immune to stun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by Curse of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gore]: The bonus to block and spell damage from this ability is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         considered a critical strike, and cannot be increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Nether Protection]: The bonus to spell damage from this ability is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         considered a critical strike, and cannot be increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Pulverize]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by Ignite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Bite]: This talent now requires you to make the victim's skin bleed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         instead of stunning them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Shadow Bite]: This talent now requires you to make the victim's skin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         bleed instead of stunning them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampiric Touch]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampyrium Charm]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Vampyrium Wound]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Shadow Word: Pain effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    WARLOCK:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Conflagrate]: This talent will no longer cause a combat log message to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       displayed while the warlock is charmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Curse of Recklessness]: The effect of this curse will no longer be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       canceled by canceling the [Immolate] spell cast on the warlock when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       warlock is charmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Demonic Tactics]: This talent will no longer cause a combat log message to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       display while the warlock is charmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Frost Fever]: The bonus to critical strike from this ability is now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       considered a critical strike, and cannot be increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Gore]: The damage done by this ability is now reduced by Ignite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A handful of specializations now offer a number of different}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 different healing and damage scaling options.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HEALING UPDATES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recently, receiving a healing aura from a Paladin's healing aura}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will now heal you for the amount that you intended to receive it from the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE EYE OF THE PARRIMATRAVEN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 The objective of this raid is to infiltrate the Temple of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eradication and rescue the holy relic from its clutches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE FATHER OF THE PARRIMATRAVEN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder - This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-Long-Bearded One. Carrion-Long-Bearded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE GREAT RUINS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 In this new raid, players will have the opportunity to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fight for captured transports and ultimately, the legendary Battle-Stones of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Armshock. These mighty weapons could bring great power and glory to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 all of Azeroth!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE GARRISON MINDS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 The objective of this raid is to infiltrate the Temple of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eradication and rescue the holy relic from its clutches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-Long-Bearded One. Carrion-Long-Bearded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-Long-Bearded One. Carrion-Long-Bearded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-The-Slayer. Carrion-The-Slayer is rumored to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a powerful being who wields great power in hishands, and could unleash}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ARMSHOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Carrion-The-Demon. Carrion-The-Demon is rumored to be a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 powerful being who wields great power in hishands, and could unleash}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ANCIENTS' TERRANCE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the father of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Acolyte-Stygian. Acolyte-Stygian is rumored to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a powerful being who wields great power in hishands, and could unleash}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF PETAL KIRK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Raid Finder \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 This time, players will have to deal with the dad of all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 talent, the legendary Serpents of Two Peaks. Serpents-Two-Poles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in hishands,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW RAID: THE SEASON 2 PVP GEAR GROUPS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 2 of the Legendary Battlegrounds is upon us, and we have a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 group of PvP gear that will encourage new and experienced PvPers to take the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 game seriously. Starting at level 30, players will take the Test Realm and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 participate in a number of PvP daily quests. In exchange for your participation in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the PvP daily quests, you'll receive a rare item and a chance to win an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 honorable mention in the upcoming PvP Weekly Quest giver's bonus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMPANION APP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new Calendar feature provides new features that players will enjoy using the /bg command}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 or opening the Calendar. The Calendar interface will also now display}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 your weekly quests and achievements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW BATTLEGROUND: RAIDS AND DUNGEONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The level and difficulty of these new Battlegrounds is determined by a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quandary. Players may only enter these Battlegrounds from Silithus or Baine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 town. Silithus is the only remaining level-60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 * Dragon's Breath (Windwalker's Call): Now has a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 chance to trigger a Chain Heal, and no longer causes the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   Shaman to gain Fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              * Death Coil (Windwalker's Call): Now only causes Nature's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  Swiftness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Flame Orb]: This item no longer triggers on critical strikes. It does}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         now trigger from any critical spell cast on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Lunar Shower]: This item no longer triggers on critical strikes. It does}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         now trigger from any critical spell cast on the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Water Breathing]: This spell can no longer be critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wind Shock]: No longer able to critically strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wind Burst]: The damage on this talent is now increased by spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         damage scaling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wind Rush]: The bonus threat from damage done from this talent will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         persist across the entire duration of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Windwall Totem]: The bonus threat from this talent will now persist across}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         the duration of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Windwall Slam]: This totem will no longer sometimes persist if}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         unequipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      RAIDS, DUNGEONS, AND SCENARIOS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Icecrown Citadel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Icecrown Citadel bosses now have a chance to drop Icecrown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Commodities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Icecrown Citadel bosses who have had their health reduced by less than}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             50% will now drop a variety of consumable items that grant health or mana,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             and banners that can be used to summon a boss, such as the [Frozen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Lake](Fel Iron Rod, [Frozen Waterlogged Pendant), [Frozen Water}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Key], [Frozen Ice Stands], [Freezing Traps], [Figurine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Pick], [Halibut], [Halibut Bionic Key], [Halibut Cudgel], [Halibut}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Bag], [Halibut Heart Strike], [Halibut Tundra Strike], [Halibut}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Pickle], [Halibut Stinger], [Halibut Wound], and [Halibut Poisonous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             agent).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Hammer]: The damage from this item will now apply to a block}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         as intended, instead of a percentage of the weapon's weapon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Hammer]: The damage from this item will now apply to a block as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         intended, instead of a percentage of the weapon's weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Hammer]: The damage from this item will now apply to a block as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         intended, instead of a percentage of the weapon's weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Hammer]: The damage from this item will now affect [Whirl}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Chains].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [The Iron Hawk]: The Thrill of the Hunt effect from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          persist more than once per 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Brutal Fury] now reduces the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               [Bloodthirst] by 60/120 seconds, and increases the damage done by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                Bloodthirst by 2/4/6/8/10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Crimson Scourge] now increases all damage by 15% (up from 10%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Dancing Rune Weapon] now reduces all damage taken by 25% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Glimmering Rune Weapon] now increases all damage by 25% (up from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Mage Armor] (Level 38) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Reduces all damage taken by 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         (down from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Magus Armor] (Level 40) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Reduces all damage taken by 20% (down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 20%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Binding Heal] (Level 50) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Reduces the mana cost of your}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells by 10/20/30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Frostbrand] (Level 60) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Reduces the cooldown of your Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells to 1/2/3 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * New Spell: [Swiftblade] (Level 60) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 Reduces the cooldown of your Mage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         spells to 1/2 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALADINS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Beacon of Light] (Holy): This ability now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Might] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Might] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Salvation] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blinding Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Salvation] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Sacrifice] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Light] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Blessing of Wisdom] (Discipline): Now has a cooldown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Binding Heal]: Now also increases spell damage done by your spells by 0.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    (down from 1.5%. It no longer increases spell power by the same amount each}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    time it is used, but instead increases the number of spells on the target by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    1.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of Redoubt]: Now causes a 10%}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                 for each stack of [Revival] (before the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                                                                     }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                 *  [Glyph of Rupture]: Instead of increasing the healing done, Rupture now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   increases the healing by a percentage equal to 10% of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                   healing received from the target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The damage reduction provided by [Blizzard] and [Cone of Cold] has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           increased to 60%, up from 25%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Exorcism]: Now reduces the cooldown of [Blizzard] by 30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds, up from 25 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Restoration]: Now increases the healing done by [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Waters], [Healing Tide Totem], and [Healing Surge] by 60%, up from 25}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Soothing Mist]: Now increases the healing done by Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Mist by 2% per stack, down from 3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Tree of Life]: Now increases the healing done by Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Mist by 2% per stack, down from 3%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of the Ursolok]: Now increases the cooldown of [Healing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Tide] by 1 second per stack, down from 1 second per stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Armor]: Now increases armor by 30% in addition to its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           existing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Wounds]: Now increases the chance for attacks to be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           parried by 2% per stack (up from 1% per attack).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Talons]: Now increases the number of ranks of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Talons you have by 1 (up from 2).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Unbreakable Victory]: Now increases the critical strike chance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of your Mastery by 2%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Voidwalker's Grace]: Now decreases cooldown and increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           monk hit rating by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Voidwalker's Swiftness]: Now increases chance to hit and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           critical strike chance by 1%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Nature's Grasp]: Now increases the range on [Nature's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            Swiftness by 10 yards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Glyph of Power Word: Shield]: Now increases duration of [Word:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             channel. Renamed to [Renew].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Soul Link]: Renamed to [Soulburn].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Unstable Affliction]: This talent no longer does excessive damage to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Unstable Affliction's target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    * Paladin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ardent Defender]: Now grants 50% attack power, down from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Burden of Guilt]: This ability can now trigger while you are mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Drain Life]: The mana cost has been reduced to 8%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Healing Touch]: This healing-over-time effect can now trigger while you are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Mass Dispel]: Now does damage based on the Paladin's attack power, instead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            of the normal damage amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Sacred Shield]: The mana cost has been reduced to 8%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Sanctity Aura]: This aura can no longer be triggered by periodic damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Holy: Mana cost has been reduced to 10%, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of Redemption]: Now grants 10% mana regeneration, down from 15%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Spirit of Redemption]: Now grants 10% damage, down from 100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of Truth]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 100%, down from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         100%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of Wrath]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 50%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 60%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of Wrath]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 100%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         down from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of the Forest]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 50%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of the Thunder King]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 50%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         down from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Priest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Solemn Prayers]: This ability can now trigger while you are mounted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of Redemption]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 100%, down}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of the Crescent Moon]: The mana regeneration amount has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         reduced to 200%, down from 300%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Spirit of the Serpent]: The mana regeneration amount has been reduced to 100%,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         down from 75%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Rogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Deep Freeze]: This glyph now also causes [Frost Nova] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       proc a free Frost Nova when Frozen by a Rogue that has [Deadly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Poison] active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Ice Lance]: This glyph now also causes [Frost Nova] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       proc a free Frost Nova when Frozen by a Rogue that has [Frost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Poison] active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Soothing Kiss]: Redesigned. Now refreshes the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Soothing Kiss to 12 seconds, and refreshes the duration of Soothing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Kiss to 3 seconds. Also, having a periodic effect on your target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       when you apply Soothing Kiss will no longer overwrite your existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       periodic effect on your target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Shaman}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0               *  [Glyph of the Stormbringer] now increases the amount healed by }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                     Stormbringer damage by 50% (was 40%).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Level-75 Spells have been added. Class-specific spells are now available for}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           players with the level needed to learn the spells themselves. Class-specific}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           spells can be learned from trainers, by speaking to a member of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           party, or by using the Glyph of the Stormbringer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * New Spell: [Glyph of the Stormbringer]: Reduces the cooldown of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Stormbringer by 20 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Unstoppable Force}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstoppable Force]: Now increases the range of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Shatter by 50 yards (was 40 yards).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstoppable Force]: Now reduces the cooldown of Shatter by 60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          seconds (was 45 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unstoppable Force]: Now increases the cooldown of Shatter by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          60 seconds (was 140 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Unending Tyranny]: Now increases the duration of Tyranny by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          1 second (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Glyph of Endless Victory]: Now increases the duration of Victory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          by 1 second (was 2 seconds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Lightning Shield]: This glyph now causes [Lightning Shield] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       generate a charge of Lightning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Beacon of Light]: This glyph now causes [Beacon of Light] to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       generate a charge of Beacon Light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  WARLOCKS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Glyph of Siphon Life]: This glyph has been redesigned. Instead of increasing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the duration of the effect of Siphon Life, it now causes the Warlock's Shadow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    spell to be increased by 0.5% per rank instead of a maximum of 1% per rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyph of Exorcism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The [Glyph of Exorcism] glyph has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       of the Warlock's Shadow spell by 0.5 seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Warlock Bug Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Affliction: This talent will no longer sometimes cause a Warlock's Immolate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       spell to interrupt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Glyph Fixes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Glyph of Immolate now correctly benefits the Glyph of Immolate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          critical strike chance when the spell does not hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * Fixed a bug where the Glyph of Immolate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8482\'99s critical strike chance was not}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Destruction: The Glyph of Destruction now correctly benefits the Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Deterrence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Fireball: The projectile direction has been adjusted to be consistent with other}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hellfire: The damage from this ability will no longer sometimes be reflected}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       in the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ferocious Bite]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Beacon of Light]: This spell will now cause the Druid to take a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      30% reduced damage from the target and will now cause a cooldown on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Blinding Light]: The tooltip for this ability will now update properly from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Astral Communion], [Empowered Lightfield], and [Angelic Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Burning Light]: This spell will now trigger the cooldown on [Astral}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Communion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Crashing Light]: The tooltip for this ability will now update properly from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Empowered Lightfield], [Angelic Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Entangling Roots]: The tooltip for this ability will now update properly from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Astral Communion], [Empowered Lightfield], and [Angelic Touch].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Fel Focus]: This ability will now work correctly on targets with Fel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Focus effects, including an overloaded target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Mana Tide Totem]: The tooltip for this ability will now update properly from}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       [Power Word: Barrier].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Oracle's Flower]: This effect will now trigger when casting [Insect Swarm] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       on a player that's immune to charm effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Primal Tenacity]: The period of silence remaining on affected characters will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       now be affected by immunities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Ruthers' Fortitude]: This ability will now properly affect pet abilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Regrowth]: This ability will now work correctly with totems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Rune Tap]: This talent now works correctly with [Wild Growth].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleashed Rage]: This ability will now work correctly with totems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleashed Growth]: This ability will now work correctly with totems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Spell Reflection]: This talent will now trigger [Spell Reflection] correctly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       when the target casts [Lightning Bolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Unleashed Rage]: This ability will now work correctly with totems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wind Shear]: This talent will now trigger [Wind Shear] correctly when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       caste is immune to dispel effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wind Shear] is now triggered by ranged weapon damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wand Specialization]: This talent now works correctly with [Blessing of Might].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Warbringer]: This talent will now trigger the cooldown on [Blessing of Might].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Special Tactics]: The disarm ability will now correctly trigger this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       talent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Wellspring]: This ability will now work correctly with [Blessing of Might].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        * The tooltip for [Blessing of Might] will now be updated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    QUESTS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [28] The Snowflakes have finally arrived. The snowflakes have}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       arrived! With the arrival of a new season of quests, quests and achievements,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       players will have a chance to earn new items, mounts, weapons and mounts, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       many new quests that drop as well!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no longer have to complete the [43D] Recombobulator quest to break into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       the Royal Airship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The time it takes to obtain a [43D] Recombobulator Re-agent has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Successfully completing the quest [43D] Recombobulator on a Sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Phantom, Skyship or Thundercat, will now reward players with an item}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       that can be used to break into the Royal Airship and return to the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Royal Airship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The quest [43] Recombobulator has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players will no longer need to complete the quest [43] Recombombobulator}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       on the Royal Airship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * The time it takes to obtain a [43] Recombobulator Reagent has been lowered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players should now be able to break}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Effect of "Soulburn" (Rank 4)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * "Shadow" and "Fel" rank 4 "Soul Burn" effects can no longer be used}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Glyphs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Devouring Plague]: This glyph can now trigger when a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Devouring Plague debuff is dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Divine Plea]: Now increases the damage done by the Devouring}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Plague spell by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Divine Storm]: Now increases the damage done by the Divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Plea spell by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Guilt]: Now increases the damage done by the Guilt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       effect by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Holy Fire]: Now increases the damage done by the Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       fire spell by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Immediate Truth]: Now increases the damage done by the Holy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       fire spell by 1/2/3/4/5%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Flay]: Now causes a free Holy Shock when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dispelling effect expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     *  [Glyph of Mind Sear]: Now causes a free Holy Shock when the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       dispelling effect expires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DUNGEONS AND RAIDS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BLACK TEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Forge of Souls and Soulshield have finally arrived at the Black Temple,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 blowing a great seed at a time! Players now have access to a powerful new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 skill, [Blacktotem], which increases the damage of all spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 50%, and generates a Soul Shard that can be used to upgrade your spells.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Learn more about this new skill by speaking with the trainer in the Forge of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Souls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW! BLACK TEMPLE TALENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Forge of Souls has finally arrived at the Black Temple,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 blowing a great seed at a time! Players now have access to a powerful new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 skill, [Blacktotem], which increases the damage of all spells by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 50%.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW! THE GREAT WARS OF THE BLACK MORASSES}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Burning Halls are a new 5- and 10-player raid groups of adventurers starting at }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Level 20. These new raids offer players the opportunity to reforge the first}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 level of a Burning Crusade faction, complete with new quests, achievements, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 content.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE BLACK TEMPLE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Forge of Souls, Blacktotem, and Deathlord's Table are now available in the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blade's Edge Mountains of Orgrimmar. Level 20 players will be able to reforge }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Black Temple and Black Morass, complete with new quests, achievements, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 content. The Forge of Souls requires that you have completed both the Black Temple and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Black Morass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE BLOODRANCH EYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Bloodrannom encounter is now available. Level 40 players will be able to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rejoin the fight against the Burning Crusade in the Blade's Edge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mounts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MACKAR CAMPAIGN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will now be able to reforge the bodies of Highlord Gordok and Highlord}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ravok on the Blade's Edge Mounts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MACKAR EYE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will now be able to reforge the bodies of Highlord Gordok and Highlord}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ravok on the Blade's Edge Mounts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MACKAR FIGHTER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The MacKAR Faire is a level 40 quest and event in Blade's Edge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mounts that will reward players for completing the MacKAR Garrison quest and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ending the encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON: THE MACKAR TRIAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Players will now be able to determine the fate of the MacKAR Trial of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Courage in the MacKAR Garrison. Characters that die on the MacKAR Trial of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Courage are eligible to recur on other characters that die on the MacKAR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEW DUNGEON:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Has it been fixed? Yes, it's working out of the box.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now animate a flying mount from your action bar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now tell when you're moving when you move.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now display the speed at which your spells affect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now choose which types of spells you cast with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 magical effect instead of a physical effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now tell which spell they cast with a physical effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 instead of a spell reflection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, that's right: You can now choose which type of spells you cast with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 physical effect instead of a spell reflection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let us know your feedback below!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOURCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The following line was added in the tooltip of the [Frostweave] spell: "Does not work with [Frostweave].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the [Charge] ability now shows the base charge cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the Frostweave ability now shows the mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the Frostweave spell now shows the bonus effect on the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    instead of the actual damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the Frostweave spell now shows the actual mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the [Frozen Orb] ability now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the [Gorefiend's Grasp] ability now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the Gorefiend's Grasp tooltip now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Gorefiend's Grasp tooltip now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The tooltip on the Gorefiend's Grasp spell now works with Frostweave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Gorefiend's Grasp tooltip now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Gorefiend's Grasp tooltip now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The [Icebound Fingers] effect now shows the name of the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The damage from [Blizzard] has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Icebound Fingers can no longer be used while frozen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * The Frostweave damage has been reduced by 30%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Icebound Fortitude] no longer activates Icebound Fortitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Pulsing Flashes] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scorch] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frostbolt] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Icebound Fortitude] now activates [Frostbolt].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Freeze] no longer deals damage to the player's pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Deep Wound] no longer deals damage to the player's pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Frost Nova] damage has been reduced by 50%.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Lightning Shield] can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nexus,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Light's Hammer]: Now increases damage by 100%, but with a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    maximum of 2 charges}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Scepter of the Defeemed]: Now has a chance to grant a [Defiler's}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Assist] buff, but with a maximum of 2 charges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Timeless Isle]: Increased the chance to activate the Timeless}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Isle's timer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Imbued Hammer]: Increased the chance to activate the Imbued Hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Ironfoe]: Now has a chance to grant a guaranteed killing blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Poisoned Edge]: Now always drops to full health after its initial}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Rain-Hosed Alchemist]: The spell tooltip for Rain-Hosed Alchemist was}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    incorrect and has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Scaled Alchemist]: The spell tooltip for Scaled Alchemist was incorrect and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Shattered Hand Alchemist]: The spell tooltip for Shattered Hand Alchemist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    was incorrect and has been fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Stranglethorn Vale Alchemist]: The tooltip for Stranglethorn Vale Alchemist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Twisted Alchemist]: The tooltip for Twisted Alchemist was incorrect and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [The Unspun Alchemist]: The tooltip for Unspun Alchemist was incorrect and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    fixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unshackled Alchemist]: The runes on this item have been changed to Unshackled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    Alchemist's.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Unwanted Horrors]: The effect from this item will no longer cause an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    inventory freeze when it is removed by a rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vivian Heavy Whelping]: The bonus on Frozen Orbs to the [Thistle] will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now be displayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Vivian Heavy Whelping]: The bonus on Frozen Orbs to the [Thistle] will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    now be displayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Virulence]: The tooltip for the ability now reflects the proper amount}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    of damage done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Fuse]: The effect from this item will no longer cause an inventory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    freeze when it is removed by a rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Wardens]: This item will now work properly with [Shadow Wardens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Void Wardens]: This item will now work properly with [Holy Wardens].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbreaker Helm]: The effect from this item will no longer cause an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    inventory freeze when it is removed by a rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Worg Mod]: The tooltip for this item will no longer display the name of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the item when searching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item will now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    properly increase the damage of the next Holy Nova spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to holy strike from this item now works on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    the priest's mana restore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Winterfall Raiment]: The bonus to healing from this item will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    cause an inventory freeze when it is removed by a rogue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warmorn Weight]: The bonus to critical strike chance from this item has been}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    reduced to 10% of base damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer Armor]: The bonus to critical strike chance from this item has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been reduced to 10% of base damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer Armor]: The bonus to critical strike chance from this item has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been reduced to 10% of base damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warbringer Armor]: The bonus to critical strike chance from this item has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    been reduced to 10% of base damage dealt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  *  [Warm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Frost Nova] can now be cast while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Necrotic Strike] can no longer be used in Fade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Necrotic Poison] can now be cast while moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Pulverize] is no longer an instant cast ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sap] can no longer be triggered by critical strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Sap]: The stun from this ability will no longer sometimes trigger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            when the stun wears off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Tricks of the Trade]: This talent now provides an additional 4/8/12% damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            to [Kick], instead of the current effect having a 3/5/10% chance to grant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            a free movement speed buff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Shaman }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Stampeding Shout] and [Flametongue] can no longer be interrupted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            while stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Warlock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          *  [Breath of Sindragosa] now refunds less mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      BUG FIXES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed an issue with the Timeless Isle pathing system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed an issue with the Timeless Isle pathing system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed an issue with the Timeless Isle pathing system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Fixed an issue with the Timeless Isle pathing system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Curse of the Elements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Curse of the Elements] will now increase the critical strike chance of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         [Frost Shock] and [Shockwave] spells while the caster is in [Fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Protection].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Curse of the Elements] will now persist through death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Curse of the Elements] now affects Frost spells cast while Frost Shock is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Curse of the Elements] will now always grant the correct amount of mana when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         triggered by a missed Frost spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Cold Shock] will no longer show up on the caster's targeting reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Curse of Weakness] will now always prevent spells from being cast while}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Frozen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Deep Freeze] will now always show up on the caster's reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Enlightenment] and [Frostbite] will no longer modify attack power}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         when they expire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Ice Nova] will no longer show up on the caster's reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Slow] will no longer show up on the caster's reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Silence] will now show up on the caster's reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Thunder Clap] will now always show up on the caster's reticule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Toughness] can no longer give bonuses to Strength or Agility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Water Shield] can no longer be used while under the effects of an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         immunity effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Water Shield]'s tooltip has been updated to reflect that it can no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         longer be used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wind Shear] can no longer be used while under the effects of an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         immunity effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       *  [Wind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thunder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            *  [Thunderstorm] now has a 1.5 second cast time (up from instant cast) but no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              refunds its mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           *  [Windfury] now has a 1.5 second cast time (up from instant cast) but no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             longer refunds its mana cost. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             *  [Earthquake] now has a 1.5 second cast time (up from instant cast) but no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              longer refunds its mana cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Flame Orb] now has a cooldown of 1 minute (down from 2 minutes).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Arcane Brilliance]: This talent now also causes the Mage's Arcane}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           spells to have a chance to generate a charge of Cone of Cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Arcane Concentration]: This talent now causes a chance on attacks to generate a charge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           of Cone of Cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blizzard]: This talent now causes a chance on attacks to generate a charge of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           Cone of Cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Blizzardbolt]: This talent now causes a chance on attacks to generate a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           charge of Cone of Cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Mage }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Arcane Explosion]: The damage from this talent no longer increases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           properly when the Mage is affected by Cone of Cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Monk }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Fierce Tiger]'s movement speed increase spell now also}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           causes the Monk to move at a 90% speed when cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Spirited Crane]: This ability can no longer be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           interrupted by the Monk's stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Wise Serpent]: This ability can no longer be interrupted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by the Monk's stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Spirited Crane]: This ability can no longer be interrupted}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           by the Monk's stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Stance of the Sturdy Ox]: This ability can no longer be interrupted by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           its stance full.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Paladin }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         *  [Crusader Strike]: This ability can no longer be interrupted by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Priest }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The [Fear Ward] effect can no longer be dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         * The [Gore Ward] effect can no longer dispelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      [Retribution]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Judgment]: This ability can no longer be interrupted by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Seal Fate]: This ability can no longer be interrupted by the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Stance of the Just]: This ability can no longer be interrupted by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          the stance full of ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0        *  [Vengeance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0              }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0            }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * The Winter Veil has been removed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The Winter Veil will now only remove frost damage effects while active.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Frost effect will now only remove the death and daze effects of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             active frost spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Targets that are immune to movement slowing effects will no longer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             be moved through normal melee combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Targets that are immune to poison effects will now always take damage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             from the poison instead of being affected by area slowing effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * Targets that are immune to movement slowing effects will no longer be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             moved through normal melee combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0           * The damage from the following spells will no longer increase if the target}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             is immune to movement slowing effects: [Glyph of Ice Lance], [Glyph of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             Frost Fever], [Glyph of Explosive Shot], [Glyph of Vulnerable], }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             [Glyph of Steady Shot].}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          * Abilities that have multiple charges will now function properly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0             when a charge is available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Taunt messages no longer display on the character name field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * Target of Taunt will now display properly in the combat log.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for the Hunter ability [Kill Shot] now applies to that ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for the Hunter ability [Frost Nova] now applies to that ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The Hunter ability [Frost Nova] will now always grant the correct amount of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         mana when used by a maximum of 4 people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for the Hunter ability [Freezing Trap] now correctly shows the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         correct number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for the Hunter ability [Scatter Shot] now correctly shows the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         correct number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       * The tooltip for the Hunter ability [Silencing Shot] now correctly shows the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         correct number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      HUNTER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter pets will now learn the hunter's trogg path and back to their}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       original trainers when they are released into the wild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter pets will now learn the hunter's trogg path and back when they are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       released into the wild.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter pets and beasts will now learn the hunter's stealth ability when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       stealth is not used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunter pets and beasts will now learn the hunter's main treant ability when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       treant is not used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  * Pets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Hunters can now learn pets from pet families. Family trees are a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       layer of raid and boss pets and are found in each major raid boss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       boss encounter. Each family has a different pet talent available to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       a different class specialization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Family pets can now be learned by pets in a raid or dungeon. Family}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       pets are learned in dungeons and raids, and can be learned by pet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       families.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Family pets can now be learned by players in a raid or raid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       Players can learn pets from pet families by visiting a pet trainer. Pet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       trainers have a special ability available to them which allows a pet to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       learn different pet talents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     * Players can now learn pets from pets which are learned by all classes in a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       raid or raid. Family pets can be learned by any class, and can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0       learned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ====================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}