UPDATES
Patch 7.3.2 includes:

 * General bug fixes and minor class balance changes.
 * Additional currency support in Battle.net.
 * Additional tuning in preparation forAntorus, the Burning Throneraid dungeon's
   release.

While this minor patch adds in additional tuning for Antorus, this raid won’t be
available with the release of patch 7.3.2, and will open at a later date.

CLASSES
DRUID
 * Balance * [Touch of the Moon] trait redesigned. Now heals for an increasing amount
      per rank, with a fixed proc chance of 20% (was a fixed healing amount with
      a proc chance of 5% per rank). Additionally, will not proc if the caster
      is above 95% health.
   
   

SHAMAN
 * Elemental * [Shamanistic Healing] trait redesigned. Now heals for an increasing amount
      per rank, with a fixed cooldown of 30 seconds (was a fixed healing amount
      with a cooldown of [30 seconds minus 2 seconds]  per rank).
   
   

CLASS HALLS
 * Added three new missions: "Scour the Surface", "Abandoned Armory", and "Feed
   the Furnaces". All reward follower armor upgrades.
 * A[Primal Sargerite] vendor has beenaddedto theVindicaar.

ITEMS
 * [Convergence of Fates] now reduces the remaining cooldown on one of your
   powerful abilities by 4 seconds (was 5 seconds), and has 10% more primary
   stat.
 * [Whispers in the Dark] cast speed bonus reduced by 40%, and has 20% more
   primary stat.
 * A number of class set items from legacy content can now be sold to vendors.

LEGION COMPANION APP
 * Restored the mission-complete button on the map.
 * Updated to support 7.3.2 patch.

PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
 * The weekly quest "[110W] Something Different" should now reward the correct
   [Brawler's Footlocker] based on the active season.
 * The Primal Victory and Glorious Tyranny Illusions are now purchasable for 10
   Marks of Honorfor players who earned at least one of the following
   Achievements: * Glorious Tyranny: * Duelist or Hero of the Horde/Alliance in Season 14.
       * Duelist or Hero of the Horde/Alliance in Season 15.
      
      
    * Primal Victory: * Duelist or Hero of the Horde/Alliance inWarlords Season 1.
       * Duelist or Hero of the Horde/Alliance inWarlords Season 2.
       * Duelist or Hero of the Horde/Alliance inWarlords Season 3.
      
      
   
   

NEW FEATURES
ASCALING WORLD
Every zone inKalimdor,Eastern Kingdoms,Outland,Northrend,Pandaria, andDraenornow
use[sic] the level scaling system introduced in Legion. This new scaling system
greatly increases the amount of options you have when deciding where to quest
and when to move on to the next zone.

All corresponding dungeons and the rewards therein now scale as well.

ULDUARTIMEWALKING
A long-forgotten evil has awakened once more. Travel back in time with 10-30
other adventurers to cleanse Ulduar of Yogg-Saron’s evil influence. While you
journey through this memorable Wrath of the Lich King raid, your character will
be scaled to player level 80.

Your fate is sealed. The end of days is finally upon you and ALL who inhabit
this miserable little seedling. Uulwi ifis halahs gag erh'ongg w'ssh.

SILITHUS: THE WOUND
Players who have completed Antorus, The Burning Throne will be summoned to your
capital cities, from which you’ll travel to Silithus to investigate the strange
events surrounding the impact of Sargeras’ blade. Look for this new questline
upon logging in.

NEWBATTLEGROUND:SEETHING SHORE
The Alliance and the Horde fight over a precious new resource, Azerite, in this
new 10v10 battleground. Seething Shore is aking of the hillbattleground where
the first faction to collect ten pieces of Azerite from randomly spawned nodes,
wins.

The Seething Shore will become available as the story in Silithus unfolds.

UPDATED FEATURES
LEGENDARYITEMS
Arcanomancer Vridiel’s hard work has paid off, and he now offers a token that
transforms into a random Legion legendary for your specialization, for 1000
Wakening Essences. Activities now award six times as many Wakening Essences as
before, and you can also continue to come to Vridiel to upgrade the Legion
legendary items you already have for the cost of 300 Wakening Essences.

MYTHIC KEYSTONE DUNGEONS
Combat resurrections mechanics in[Mythic Keystone] dungeons now closely mirror
how they function in a raid encounter. When you start a Mythic Keystone dungeon,
you will begin with one charge, and accumulate additional charges every 10
minutes. All combat resurrection spells now share a single pool of charges to a
maximum of 5 charges.

HOLIDAYS
Holiday dungeons are now available to all players starting at level 20. Items
that drop from these dungeons will scale to your current level. In addition,
keep an eye out for new items in many upcoming holidays, such as new Lunar
Festival hats and a sturdier Sturdy Love Fool.

S.E.L.F.I.E
Self-oriented photographers rejoice! YourS.E.L.F.I.E. camerais now easier to
obtain, and it has new background filters.Selfie Cam Mark Iis available at level
15 inStormwindorOrgrimmarvia a quest, and you can upgrade to theMark II Selfie
Camafter completing a new level 30 group quest.

We’ve also added the following backgrounds, but you’ll have to figure out how to
unlock them.

 * Argus in the Sky
 * Twilight Sky
 * Sha Sky
 * Firelands Sky
 * Frostmourne Sky

CHANGES
ACHIEVEMENTS
 * With the update to Ulduar difficulty, the following changes have been made to
   Achievements that are obtainable in Ulduar: * All existing 10-player and
      25-player Ulduar Achievements have been moved to the Legacy -> Raids tab.
    * New Achievements have been
      added to the Dungeons & Raids -> Lich King Raid tab. Anyone who earned
      either the 10- or 25-player versions of these Achievements should receive
      the new Achievement upon logging in.
    * The new[Glory of the Ulduar Raider] Achievement should now award both the
      Rusted Proto-Drakeand theIronbound Proto-Drakemounts.
   
   

CLASSES
 * [Touch of the Grave] (Undead Racial) damage increased by 25% for Undead Death
   Knights, Hunters, Monks, Rogues, and Warriors.
 * Hunter * Beast Mastery * [Cobra Shot] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 50%, and cost increased to 50
         Focus (was 40).
       * Cobra Shot (Rank 2), learned at level 3, reduces cost by
         10 Focus.
       * Cobra Shot (Rank 3), learned at level 52, now increases
         damage by 100%.
      
      
    * Survival * [Raptor Strike] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 29%.
       * Raptor Strike (Rank 2), learned at level 52, now increases
         damage by 40%.
      
      
   
   
 * Monk * Windwalker * [Blackout Kick] now costs 3 Chi (was 1) when it is learned at level 3.
         The Chi cost is reduced to 2 with an upgrade at Level 12, and reduced
         to 1 Chi with another upgrade at Level 22.
      
      
    * Windwalker, Misweaver * [Rising Sun Kick] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 41%.
       * Rising Sun Kick (Rank 2), learned at level 36, now
         increases damage by 70.
      
      
   
   
 * Priest * Discipline, Holy * [Smite] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 33%.
       * Smite (Rank 2), learned at level 16, now increases
         damage by 50%.
      
      
   
   
 * Rogue * [Shroud of Concealment] should now properly apply to Hati in addition to
      your party’s Hunter’s normal pet.
    * Assassination * [Sinister Strike] damage increased by 30%.
      
      
   
   
 * Shaman * [Liquid Magma Totem] ,[Healing Stream Totem] , and[Healing Tide Totem]
      slightly changed to inherit stats properly.
   
   
 * Warlock * Affliction * [Shadow Bolt] damage increased by 100%.
      
      
   
   
 * Warrior * Arms * [Mortal Strike] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 38%.
       * Mortal Strike (Rank 2), learned at level 38, now increases damage
         by 60%.
       * [Slam] (Rank 1) damage reduced by 38%.
       * Slam (Rank 2), learned at level 38, now increases damage by 60%.
      
      
   
   
 * Developers’ notes: All damage changes to class abilities listed above are for
   low-level balance, and are neutral at level 110.

DUNGEONS
 * All dungeons now rewardPersonal Loot.

ITEMS
 * Uncommon,Rare, andEpicquality items now have the same potential item budget
   at every item level. Weapon melee (white) damage is now the same for
   uncommon, rare, and epic weapons at all item levels.
 * Developers’ notes: This changes the power of lower item level weapons and
   armor to modern standards; all items above item level 463 have always
   functioned this way.

TOYS
 * A few toys that cause players other than the caster to take involuntary
   action (such as the[Piccolo of the Flaming Fire] or[Tickle Totem] ) no longer
   function on targets outside the instigator’s party or raid group. The[Neural
   Silencer] is also more effective against several of these toys.
 * Fixed a bug that caused player characters to not look into their[S.E.L.F.I.E.
   Camera] /[S.E.L.F.I.E. Camera MkII] directly.

USER INTERFACE
 * Accounts protected by anAuthenticatorandBlizzard SMS Protectgain four extra
   backpack slots.

NEW EVENTS IN TELDRASSIL AND LORDAERON
Beginning the week of July 24 and continuing for three weeks leading to the
launch of Battle for Azeroth on August 14, experience the escalation of all-out
war inTeldrassil, and laterLordaeron. A new chapter of the relentless conflict
at the heart of the Warcraft saga is unfolding, and it's time for you to take
your place on the front lines!

NEW CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATIONS
The war with theBurning Legionhas leftorcsstanding tall, a new posture option
available to all orc player characters.Blood Elvesnow have access to golden
eyes, as well as a few new faces.

All of these new options are available atBarber ShopsthroughoutAzeroth, and you
can now alter your character's skin color while you're there.

PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
ThePvPHonor andPrestigesystem has been updated. Your PvP progress inLegionhas
been converted into account-wide Honor levels, which you'll continue to earn
through PvP.

All classspecializations' PvP Talents have been revamped. Hit default hotkey 'N'
to get a look at your PvP Talents, and default hotkey 'H' to see the new PvP
system.

WAR MODE IS HERE
You can now enableWar Modeand venture out into a world full of others who have
made the same dangerous choice. Enabling War Mode provides additional bonuses:

 * All PvP Talents you've chosen will be available to use anywhere PvP can
   occur.
 * You'll gain an additional bonus to experience while leveling up.
 * Earn additional bonus gold and Resources fromWorld Quests.

War Mode can be toggled on or off beginning at level 20 by visiting either
OrgrimmarorStormwindand setting your preference in the Talent pane (default
hotkey 'N'). Beware! Once you venture out in War Mode, all zones will become
contested, including zones such asNorthshire Abbey.

Sanctuaryareas will still be PvP free.

Additional War Mode features such as Bounty Hunter and Air Drops will become
available in the new zones of Battle for Azeroth.

July 17, 2018 marks the end of the final Legion season of ranked PvP, and the
post-season period has begun. Look for all the new PvP progression and rewards
to unlock and become earnable after the launch of Battle for Azeroth in a few
weeks.

Strand of the AncientsandAshranare no longer available.

SOCIAL FEATURES
You can now create and join cross-realm social groups in World of Warcraft.
Communitiesmake it easier for you to find and play alongside adventurers who
share common interests. Hit default hotkey 'J' to get started.

Voice Chatis now available in all groups,Guilds, and Communities. Select the
headset icon wherever you see it in game to talk with other players.

LEGACY LOOT MODE
Now, when you enter an instance at 10 levels or more above the maximum level of
the content,Legacy Lootrules will be automatically enabled. Under Legacy Loot
rules, drops will include a chance for all items that would drop for a full
party or raid at the instance's level.

CLASSES
Sargeras'cruel, final blow dramatically impacted both Azeroth and all of its
denizens. The power of everyArtifactweapon has now been depleted. Some powers
from Artifacts have now been incorporated into their specializations. Your
characters that are just getting started in Legion content will still seek out
and acquire Artifacts.

STATISTICS
In an effort to make displayed numbers more perceptible, values used for player
and enemy statisticshave been reducedthroughout the game. This includes values
such as item-level, damage, armor, health, and defense measurements.

A number of spells and talents now again activate aglobal cooldownwhen used.

Blood Elves'[Arcane Torrent] now removes 1 beneficial effect from all nearby
enemies and restores 3% of your mana (previously silenced nearby enemies and
interrupted non-player characters).

All talents have been refunded for all specs.

All classes and specializations have been updated for Battle for Azeroth.

DEATH KNIGHT
 * [Death's Advance] - Grants you increased movement speed and resistance to
   forced movement effects, knockbacks, and slows.
 * Blood * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Consumption] – Strikes all enemies in front of you with a hungering
         attack that heals you for 100% of its damage
       * [Hemostasis] – Each enemy hit by Blood Boil increases the damage and
         healing done by your next Death Strike.
      
      
   
   
 * Frost * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Frostwyrm's Fury] – Summon a frostwyrm who breaths on all enemies in a
         large area, dealing massive Frost damage.
       * [Obliteration] – While Pillar of Frost is active, Frost Strike, Glacial
         Advance, and Howling Blast always grant Killing ***Machine and have a
         chance to generate a Rune.
      
      
   
   
 * Unholy * [Army of the Dead] andRaise Deadnow have shorter cooldowns.
    * Many other Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New spells and Talents include: * [Apocalypse] – Brings doom upon the enemy, dealing damage and bursting
         Festering Wounds on the target. Summons an Army of the Dead ghoul for
         each burst Festering Wound.
       * [Grip of the Dead] –[Defile] /Death and Decayreduces the movement speed
         of enemies within its area.
      
      
   
   

DEMON HUNTER
 * Demon Hunters have a new ability,[Consume Magic] – Consume a beneficial Magic
   effect from an enemy, removing it and granting you Fury or Pain.
 * The spell previously named Consume Magic is now[Disrupt] .
 * Demon Hunters now have[Chaos Brand] – Your Chaos damage (Havoc) or Fire damage
   (Vengeance) brands the target, increasing the magic damage the enemy takes
   from you and other players by 5%.
 * Havoc * [Chaos Strike] now has a consistent chance to refund Fury, instead of
      relying on critical strikes.
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Immolation Aura] – Engulf yourself in flames, dealing fire damage to
         enemies and generating Fury.
       * Trail of Ruin– The final slash of Blade Dance inflicts additional Chaos
         damage over time.
      
      
   
   
 * Vengeance * Lesser Soul Fragments now heal based on damage recently taken
      (was previously a flat amount of healing).
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted. * New Talents include:
       * Charred Flesh– Fiery Brand increases the Fire damage you deal to the
         target.
       * [Gluttony] – Consuming a Soul Fragment has as chance to activate
         Metamorphosis.
      
      
   
   

DRUID
 * Druids now have[Soothe] – Soothes the target, dispelling all enrage effects.
 * Travel forms now each have a separate ability in your Spellbook.
 * Balance * [Solar Wrath] now has a chance to grant Lunar Empowerment, and[Lunar
      Strike] has a chance to grant Solar Empowerment.
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [New Moon] – Deals damage to the target, generates Astral Power, and
         transforms into Half Moon and Full Moon.
       * Twin Moons–[Moonfire] deals increased damage and also hits another
         nearby enemy.
      
      
   
   
 * Feral * Some Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Feral Frenzy] – Unleash a furious Frenzy, clawing your target multiple
         times and causing a Bleed. Awards combo points.
       * [Tiger Dash] – Activates Cat Form and greatly increases movement speed,
         reducing gradually.
      
      
   
   
 * Guardian * In[Bear Form] , Druids now generate Rage in the same way as Warriors, with
      Rage generated from both melee attacks dealt and melee attacks taken.
    * Some Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
   
   
 * Restoration * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Photosynthesis] – While your[Lifebloom] is on yourself, your periodic
         heals heal faster. While your Lifebloom is on an ally, your periodic
         heals on them have a chance to cause it to bloom.
      
      
   
   

HUNTER
 * All Hunters now have[Disengage] as a baseline spell.
 * Hunter Pet families now all belong to one of three specializations – Cunning,
   Ferocity, or Tenacity – and each specialization offers unique abilities,
   instead of stats.

Hunters now have[Command Pet] – Commands your pet to perform its unique ability,
based on the specialization of your active pet:

 *  * Cunning:[Master's Call]
    * Ferocity:[Primal Rage]
    * Tenacity:[Survival of the Fittest]
   
   
 * Beast Mastery * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * Dire Frenzy is nowBarbed Shot.
    * New Talents include: * [Animal Companion] – Your Call Pet additionally summons the first pet
         from your stable as a second companion to fight by your side.
       * [Killer Instinct] –[Kill Command] deals increased damage against enemies
         below 35% health.
      
      
   
   
 * Marksmanship * The Marksmanship specialization has seen a major overhaul.
    * Core Marksmanship abilities: * [Aimed Shot] – A powerful shot that deals increased damage the first
         time it hits an enemy. Costs Focus.
       * [Rapid Fire] – Fires a stream of shots at your target while moving.
         Generates Focus.
       * [Arcane Shot] – A quick shot that deals Arcane damage. Costs Focus.
       * [Steady Shot] – A steady shot that can be used while moving. Generates
         Focus.
      
      
    * New Talents include: * Double Tap– Your next Aimed Shot will fire a second time instantly
         without consuming Focus, or your next Rapid Fire will shoot additional
         shots.
       * Streamline– Rapid Fire now lasts 30% longer.
      
      
   
   
 * Survival * The Survival specialization has seen a major overhaul, and is now
      an adaptive ranger who uses explosives and animal venom, in addition to
      coordinated attacks with their pet.
    * Core Survival abilities: * [Raptor Strike] – A vicious slash dealing heavy Physical damage. Costs
         Focus.
       * [Kill Command] – Give the command to kill, causing your pet to savagely
         attack your enemy. Has a chance to immediately reset its cooldown.
         Generates Focus.
       * [Serpent Sting] – Fire a poison-tipped arrow at an enemy, dealing Nature
         damage over time. Costs Focus.
       * Wildfire Bomb– Hurl a bomb at the target, exploding for Fire damage in
         a cone.
      
      
    * New talents include: * Chakrams– Throw a pair of chakrams at your target, slicing all enemies
         in the chakrams' path, then returning to you, damaging enemies again.
       * Wildfire Infusion– Lace your Wildfire Bomb with extra reagents,
         randomly granting it one of three different enhancements each time you
         throw it.
      
      
   
   

MAGE
 * Mages again have[Arcane Intellect] – increasing allies' Intellect by 10%.
 * Mages now have[Remove Curse] – Removes all Curses from a friendly target.
 * Arcane * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * [Arcane Missiles] can now be launched at any time, with a Clearcasting proc
      sometimes making them free and fire faster.
    * New Talents include: * [Amplification] – When Clearcast, Arcane Missiles fires 1 additional
         missile.
       * Reverberate– If Arcane Explosion hits at least 3 targets, it has a 50%
         chance to generate an extra Arcane Charge.
      
      
   
   
 * Fire * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Pryoclasm– Consuming[Hot Streak] has a chance to make your next
         non-instant[Pyroblast] deal massive additional damage.
       * [Searing Touch] –[Scorch] deals increased damage and is a guaranteed
         critical strike when the target is below 30% health.
      
      
   
   
 * Frost * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Chain Reaction] – YourIce Lancesagainst frozen targets increase the
         damage of your subsequent Ice Lances.
       * [Freezing Rain] –[Frozen Orb] makes[Blizzard] instant cast and increases
         its damage.
      
      
   
   

MONK
 * Monks now haveMystic Touch– Your damage weakens the target, increasing
   Physical damage the target takes by 5%.
 * All specs now have[Leg Sweep] baseline – Knocks down all nearby enemies and
   stuns them.
 * Brewmaster * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Bob and Weave– Increases the duration of Stagger.
       * Guard– Guard against future attacks, causing incoming damage that would
         have been delayed by Stagger to instead be prevented.
      
      
   
   
 * Mistweaver * [Soothing Mist] is once again a manually-cast channeled heal.
    * While channeling Soothing Mist,[Vivify] and[Enveloping Mist] may be cast
      instantly on the target.
    * Vivify now heals all targets that have[Renewing Mist] on them.
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Rising Mist–[Rising Sun Kick] heals all allies with your Renewing Mist,
         Enveloping Mist, or Essence Font, and extends those effects.
       * Upwelling– The longer Essence Font remains off cooldown, the longer the
         next cast of Essence Font may be channeled. The duration of its heal
         over time is increased.
      
      
   
   
 * Windwalker * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Fist of the White Tiger– A powerful physical strike that generates 3
         Chi.
       * Tiger Tail Sweep– Increases the range of Leg Sweep and reduces its
         cooldown.
      
      
   
   

PALADIN
 * Holy * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Avenging Crusader] – An ability with a significant cooldown that causes
         your attacks to heal injured allies, increases your Crusader Strike,
         Judgment, and auto-attack damage, and speeds up the cooldowns of
         Crusader Strike and Judgment.
       * [Awakening] – Light of Dawn has a chance to grant you Avenging Wrath for
         several seconds.
      
      
   
   
 * Protection * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Redoubt] – Avenger's Shield bounces to an additional target and
         increases your Block.
       * [Unbreakable Spirit] – Reduces the cooldown of your Divine Shield,
         Shield of Vengeance, and Lay on Hands.
      
      
   
   
 * Retribution * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Selfless Healer] – Your Holy Power spending abilities reduce the cast
         time and mana cost of your next Flash of Light, and increase its
         healing done.
       * [Wake of Ashes] – Lash out at your enemies, dealing great damage to all
         enemies in front of you and reducing their movement. Demon and Undead
         enemies are also stunned. Generates 5 Holy Power.
      
      
   
   

PRIEST
 * Priests again have[Power Word: Fortitude] – Increases the Stamina of all raid
   and party members by 10% for 1 hour.
 * Discipline * Discipline Priests now know[Desperate Prayer] and[Holy Nova] .
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Contrition] – When you heal with[Penance] , everyone with your
         [Atonement] is healed.
       * Luminous Barrier– Create a shield on all nearby allies that absorbs a
         fixed amount of damage for 10 seconds.
      
      
   
   
 * Holy * [Renew] now reduces the cooldown of[Holy Word: Sanctify] .
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Cosmic Ripple] – When[Holy Word: Serenity] or[Holy Word: Sanctify] finish
         their cooldown, you emit a burst of light that heals up to 5 injured
         targets.
       * Holy Word: Salvation– Heals all nearby allies, and applied[Renew] and 2
         stacks of[Prayer of Mending] to each of them. Cooldown reduced each time
         you cast Holy Word: Serenity or Holy Word: Sanctify.
      
      
   
   
 * Shadow * [Mind Sear] is again an active ability, causing damage to all enemies near
      the target, and generating Insanity.
    * Shadow Priests now know[Leap of Faith] .
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [100] Dark Ascension– Immediately activates a new Voidform, then
         releases an explosive blast of pure void energy, damaging all nearby
         enemies and generating 50 Insanity.
       * [Dark Void] – Unleashes an explosion of dark energy around the target,
         dealing damage and applying Shadow Word: Pain to nearby enemies.
         Generates 30 Insanity.
      
      
   
   

ROGUE
 * Assassination * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Hidden Blades– Every 2 seconds, gain increased damage for your next Fan
         of Knives, stacking up to 20 times.
       * Poison Bomb– Envenom and Rupture have a chance per combo point spent to
         smash a vial of poison at the target's location, creating a pool of
         acidic death that deals Nature damage over time to all enemies within
         it.
      
      
   
   
 * Outlaw * Saber Slash is now[Sinister Strike] .
    * Run Through is now[Dispatch] .
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Blade Rush– Charge to your target with your blades out, dealing great
         damage to the target and all other nearby enemies. While Blade Flurry
         is active, damage to nearby enemies is increased. Generates Energy.
       * [Loaded Dice] – Activating Adrenaline Rush causes your next Roll the
         Bones to grant at least two matches.
      
      
   
   
 * Subtlety * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Secret Technique– Finishing move that creates shadow clones of
         yourself. You and your shadow clones deal damage to both the primary
         target and nearby enemies.
       * Shuriken Tornado– Focus intently, and then release a Shuriken Storm
         every second for the next 4 seconds.
      
      
   
   

SHAMAN
 * [Tremor Totem] andEarth Elementalare again available to all specs.
 * Elemental * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Stormkeeper] – Charge yourself with lightning, causing your next 2
         Lightning Bolts or Chain Lightnings to be instant and trigger an
         Elemental Overload on every target.
       * Unlimited Power– When your spells cause an elemental overload, you gain
         Haste.
      
      
   
   
 * Enhancement * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Elemental Spirits– Reduces the cooldown of Feral Spirit and causes your
         Feral Spirits to be imbued with Fire, Frost, or Lightning.
       * [Totem Mastery] – Summons four totems that increase your combat
         capabilities: Resonance Totem, Storm Totem, Ember Totem, and Tailwind
         Totem.
      
      
   
   
 * Restoration * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * Flash Flood– When you consume Tidal Waves, the cast time of your next
         heal is reduced by 20%.
       * [Earth Shield] – Protects the target with an earthen shield, increasing
         your healing on them and healing them when they take damage.
      
      
   
   

WARLOCK
 * All specs now know[Shadowfury] – Stuns all nearby enemies.
 * WarlockHealthstonesno longer share cooldowns with potions.
 * Affliction * Affliction Warlocks now know[Summon Darkglare] – ADarkglarefrom the
      Twisting Nether that extends your damage-over-time effects on all enemies,
      blasts its target for Shadow damage, and is empowered by every
      damage-over-time effect you have active on any target.
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [110 - 120] Creeping Death– Your Agony, Corruption, Siphon Life, and
         Unstable Affliction deal their full damage 15% faster.
       * [Vile Taint] – Unleashes an explosion at the target location, dealing
         damage over time to all nearby enemies and reducing their movement
         speed.
      
      
   
   
 * Demonology * Demonology Warlocks now know[Summon Demonic Tyrant] – ADemonic Tyrantthat
      increases the duration of all of your current demons by 15 seconds while
      damaging your target.
    * This specialization has received a major overhaul.
    * New Talents include: * [Dreadlash] – When your Dreadstalkers charge into battle, their
         Dreadbite attack now hits all nearby targets and deals additional
         damage.
       * [Summon Vilefiend] – Summons a Vilefiend from Argus to fight for you.
      
      
   
   
 * Destruction * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Grimoire of Supremacy] – While you have an Infernal active, each Soul
         Shard spent increases the damage of Chaos Bolt by 8%.
       * [Dark Soul: Instability] – Infuses your soul with unstable power,
         increasing your critical strike chance by 30% for 20 seconds.
      
      
   
   

WARRIOR
 * Warriors again have[Battle Shout] – Increases the Attack Power of all allies
   by 10% for 1 hour.
 * Arms * The Arms specialization has seen adjustments to many core abilities:
    * [Overpower] is now baseline – Overpower the enemy, dealing Physical damage
      and increasing the damage of your next Mortal Strike or Execute.
    * [Sweeping Strikes] is now baseline – For 12 seconds, your single-target
      damaging abilities hit 1 additional nearby target for 75% damage.
    * [Tactician] affects Overpower instead of Colossus Smash – Spending Rage as
      a chance to reset the cooldown of Overpower.
    * [Colossus Smash] is now a major cooldown – Smash the enemy's armor, dealing
      heavy Physical damage and increasing damage you deal to them.
    * Mastery:[Deep Wounds] – Striking an enemy with Mortal Strike, Execute, or
      Bladestorm inflicts Deep Wounds, dealing heavy Bleed damage over time.
    * New Talents include: * [Sudden Death] – Your attacks have a chance to make your next Execute
         cost no Rage and be usable on any target regardless of their health.
       * [Warbreaker] – Replaces Colossus Smash. Smash the ground and shatter the
         armor of all nearby enemies, increasing damage you deal to them.
      
      
   
   
 * Fury * Battle Cry is now[Recklessness] – Go berserk, increasing all Rage
      generation by 100% and granting your abilities increased critical strike
      chance.
    * The Fury specialization has seen adjustments to some core abilities: * [Bloodthirst] now has a consistent chance to Enrage you, instead of
         relying on critical strikes.
       * [Raging Blow] now has 2 charges, has a chance to immediately reset its
         own cooldown, and no longer requires Enrage.
       * [Whirlwind] now generates Rage per target hit.
       * [Furious Slash] is now a talent, and the effects of the Frenzy talent
         have been combined with it.
      
      
    * New Talents include: * [Meat Cleaver] – Whirlwind has a chance to Enrage you and generates
         additional Rage per target hit.
       * [Siegebreaker] – Break the enemy's defenses, dealing physical damage and
         increasing your damage done to the target. Generates Rage.
      
      
   
   
 * Protection * Protection Warriors now knowAvatar,[Intimidating Shout] , and[Rallying Cry]
    * Many Talents and PvP Talents have been adjusted.
    * New Talents include: * [Bolster] –[Last Stand] 's cooldown is reduced, and it causes you to
         block all melee attacks.
       * [Menace] – Intimidating Shout disorients enemies for an additional 4
         seconds, and it causes all enemies to cower in fear instead of fleeing.
      
      
   
   

DESCRIPTION
January 22, 2019For ages untold,Dazar'alorhas stood at the center of the great and powerful
Zandalari empire. Its guards have thwarted numerous attempts onKing Rastakhan's
life, and it has endured trials both ancient and new. But as war reaches the
shores ofZuldazar, theAllianceembarks on a daring gambit to besiege the golden
pyramid and sever the Zandalari's bond to the Horde.

December 10, 2018The war raging acrossAzerothbetweenAllianceandHordehas intensified. As the
Alliance lays plans to retakeDarkshoreand regain a foothold inKalimdor, both
factions have redoubled their attacks across the zones ofKul TirasandZandalar.

NEW RAID –BATTLE OF DAZAR'ALOR
The Battle of Dazar'alor is now open. The Alliance is set to stage an attack on
the heart of the Zandalari empire in a bid to sever the ties of the Zandalari
and the Horde, while Horde players will begin the raid by defending against an
invasion in the northern jungle of Zuldazar.

Along the way, players will get to shift to the other faction's perspective and
take on three additional bosses. For the first time in a raid, your character
will transform into the opposite faction (including their associated racial
abilities).

A dozen new, formidable boss encounters, includingLady Jaina ProudmooreandKing
Rastakhanhimself, await you!

 * Mythicdifficulty andRaid FinderWing 1 will open with scheduled weekly
   maintenance in each region the week of January 29, 2019.
 * Raid Finder Wing 2 will open the week of February 12, 2019, and Raid Finder
   Wing 3 will open the week of February 26, 2019.

BATTLE FOR AZEROTH SEASON 2
Both the adventures and the war being waged acrossAzerothare signified by
seasons: times at which many factors and measurements change. Today begins
Season 2 of Battle for Azeroth, and you'll find many new challenges and new
rewards are now available in Dungeons and PvP content.

 * Dungeons * A new season of rewards from dungeons has begun. Complete your
      best Mythic Keystone each week to earn higher item-level gear, and save up
      your Titan Residuum to purchase new, powerful Azerite items. * Item levels
         of rewards from level 120 Normal, Heroic, and Mythic dungeons have been
         increased by 30. Baseline rewards are now item-level 340 from Normal,
         355 from Heroic, and 370 from non-Keystone Mythic dungeons.
       * The
         difficulty of Heroic and Mythic dungeons has been increased by 30%.
         Normal difficulty dungeons are unchanged.
       * Mythic
         Keystones have been reduced by an additional 3 levels, to account for
         this difficulty increase.
       * Mythic
         Keystone rewards have been increased by 30 item levels. During the
         first week of Season 2, rewards from end-of-run chests will be capped
         at item-level 385, and the reward cache contains a Season 1 reward.
       * Beginning
         the second week of Season 2, the weekly cache will not be affected by
         the cap, and will reward Season 2 items at the higher item levels.
       * Added a new
         Tier 3 Mythic Keystone affix:Reaping. This bestows the power of
         Bwonsamdion all non-boss creatures in the dungeon, giving them a chance
         to avenge their own deaths.
       * TheInfestedaffix has been removed.
      
      
   
   

 * Player versus Player * Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 2 is now underway. Ranks
      and ratings have been reset, and you can now begin earning new rewards. * 
         Season 2 rewards from PvP sources have been increased by 30
         item-levels. This includes[Conquest] rewards and the weekly chest.
       * 
         Players who earn 500 Conquest points in a given week now receive one
         [Quartermaster's Coin] and an item from that week's selection.
       * 
         Players might also earn an additional piece of gear or Quartermaster's
         Coin each week by using a weekly bonus roll token in PvP.
       * 
         Quartermaster's Coins can be exchanged for aWarlord's Trophy, which can
         be used to upgrade a piece of Sinister Gladiator gear to a higher item
         level.
       * 
         During weeks when the Conquest reward is a head, shoulder, or chest
         item, players can choose from one of four different pieces ofAzerite
         gear. For the weeks when the Conquest reward is not an Azerite piece,
         trinket, or weapon, players will be able to choose gear from one of two
         different slots such as legs and wrists, hands and back, or finger and
         feet.
       * 
         The PvP reward UI now shows the criteria needed to receive your weekly
         chest. Elite sets (available to earn for a limited time only) can also
         be viewed in the Appearances interface on the Sets tab.
       * 
         Players can now work toward earning the[Vicious Black Bonesteed] or
         [Vicious Black Warsaber] . Once earned, fill the bar again to receive a
         [Vicious Saddle] , which can be used to purchase a mount from previous
         seasons.
       * 
         The Gladiator title and achievement are can now be earned by winning 50
         games in 3v3 Arenas above a 2400 rating. Players in the top 0.1% at the
         end of Season 2 in this bracket will earn the Sinister Gladiator title.
       * 
         End-of-match rewards will be capped at item-level 385 during the first
         week of the season, to maintain parity with other endgame systems until
         Mythic Battle of Dazar'alor becomes available.
      
      
   
   

 * Items and Rewards Updates * New epic Azerite gear is now available from
      Season 2 PvP, the Battle of Dazar'alor raid, World Quest Emissaries, and
      from the Mythic Keystone vendor Thaumaturge Vashreen in Zuldazar and
      Boralus. These new items will have a fifth ring with additional new trait
      options, starting at Heart of Azeroth level 15.
    * The new ring of traits provides two choices of
      traits per specialization, allowing players the opportunity to find items
      that have traits they particularly want and the freedom to create new and
      interesting combinations that may not have been possible before.
    * Further changes to items and rewards include: * Azerite Knowledgewill increase weekly from January 22 through March 26.
       * The maximum possible item
         level is now 425 (was 395).
       * Seals of Wartorn Fatehave not been changed or reset, and will be used
         for Battle of Dazar'alor and other Season 2 bonus rolls.
       * Emissaryweapon and armor rewards will scale up to item-level 385 (was
         370).
       * Loot fromKul TirasandZandalarworld bosseswill remain at item-level 355.
       * Rewards for in-progress
         emissary quests may reroll or update when Season 2 begins; the quests
         themselves won't reset or change.
       * The[Titan Residuum] vendor now offers item-level 385, 400, and 415 gear.
       * Titan Residuum is not
         reset or capped between seasons.
       * Warfronts * Darkshore Warfrontrewards have been increased by 15 item levels, and
            the outdoor world boss and the once-per-cycle quest now award
            item-level 400 gear.
          * The power of all enemies in the Darkshore Warfront have
            been increased by 15%, and the item level required to queue for
            Darkshore is now 335 (was 320). * Developers' notes: These Darkshore
               changes will take effect after the current Warfront cycle has
               ended. If an attack is already underway in your region, the
               Warfront will give Season 1 rewards until the attack phase ends.
               This is being done to avoid any unfairness to people who had
               already completed the Warfront or killed the world boss before
               the start of the new season.
            
            
          * Rewards fromArathi Basin and Stromgarde Warfronthave not changed.
         
         
      
      
   
   

WAR CAMPAIGN
 * New Questlines * New chapters in theWar Campaignare now available. Head toBoralusorZuldazar
      to rejoin your faction's war efforts.
   
   
 * New Missions * Several new Missions are now available at both yourWar Table, as well as
      from new drops from various activities, such asIsland Expeditions. Look
      for new Missions to upgrade your faction's outposts, level up followers so
      that they gain access to a new equipment slot, send your followers on
      lucrative new weekly treasure hunts, and unlock a vendor who offers the
      opposing faction's pets.
   
   
 * Faction Assaults * Periodically, the Alliance or the Horde will launch an
      assault against a hostile position in Kul Tiras or Zandalar. When an
      Assault is active, a group of newWorld Questswill be available to both
      factions in that area. Rally to the location to fight on behalf of your
      faction and earn newHonorboundor7th Legion Service Medalsthat can be
      exchanged for a variety of rewards.
    * Players who have unlocked World Quests at level 120 on at
      least one character will have Assault World Quests available to any of
      their other characters.
   
   

WARFRONT: THE BATTLE FOR DARKSHORE
 * The conflict over the home of thenight elveshas reached a fever pitch, and
   new questlines will lead you to the all-newBattle for Darkshore. In this new
   Warfront, you'll unlock access to powerful hero transformations that give you
   temporary abilities themed around your role as a tank, healer, or damage
   dealer. * Contributions for Darkshore as well as theStromgarde Warfrontnow operate
      on a daily cycle. When resources are being mustered, three quartermasters
      will each put out a request for a different contribution each day. The
      requested turn-ins have also been adjusted to be more consistent in their
      value.
    * When your faction controls eitherArathi Highlandsor Darkshore, world
      quests will now be available in those zones, in place of the
      once-per-cycle kill quests that were previously offered for Arathi.
   
   

HERITAGE ARMOR QUESTLINES
 * New questlines to find and obtain new Heritage armor are available to two
   mighty races – thedwarvesand theblood elves. Available at level 120 to
   dwarves who are Exalted withIronforgeand blood elves who are exalted with
   Silvermoon, look for "[120] Keep Yer Feet On The Ground" at theStormwind
   Embassy, or "[120] The Pride of the Sin'dorei" at theOrgrimmar Embassy, and
   get started rediscovering your heritage.

ISLAND EXPEDITIONS
 * Scouts have discovered two new destinations forIsland Expeditions– thevrykul
   land ofJorundalland theGilneantown ofHavenswood. These, as well as the
   previous Island Expeditions, now feature new enemies, achievements, events,
   items, and vendors. * The logic used to spawn Island Expeditions has been
      adjusted to favor more organic concentrations of foes, with more clear
      paths in between, to make it easier to navigate without being forced into
      combat.
    * The chance for cosmetic rewards are now based on all
      the enemies and Azerite present on the island, and no longer tied to only
      the enemy camps your team defeats. Completing an Island Expedition at a
      higher difficulty increases the chance of receiving these bonus rewards.
    * Battle pets rewarded from the completion of islands
      that were previously uncageable can now be caged.
    * The weekly quest to recoverAzeritenow requires 36,000 Azerite (was
      40,000).
    * Mythic and PvP Islands now reward 350Artifact Power(was 300), and PvP
      Islands now award 50[Conquest] on a win (was 8).
    * The weekly Island Expedition quest, and progress
      towards it, are now visible on theworld map.
    * The Island Expedition weekly quest now rewards
      lucrative new treasure map Missions for your followers.
    * Look for new vendors inBoralusandDazar'alorwho offer exclusive rewards in
      exchange for yourSeafarer's Dubloons.
   
   

DUNGEONS AND RAIDS
 * You can now speak toArchmage TimearinDalaranabove theBroken Islesto access
   LegionRaid Findersolo or with a private group.
 * Siege of BoralusandKings' Restare now available on Heroic difficulty.
 * Mythic Keystonescan no longer be deleted.
 * The new Raid:Battle of Dazar'alor, and Season 2 for PvP and Mythic Keystone
   Dungeons will begin with the weekly reset in each region starting on January
   22, 2019.

ACHIEVEMENTS
 * Many new achievements related to the new Assaults, Island Expeditions, and
   Warfront are now available.
 * Two new Mythic Keystone Feats of Strength are now available. To earn them,
   complete all availableBattle for AzerothMythic Keystone dungeons before the
   time limit, at +10 and +15 difficulty, by the end of the season.
 * The[Family Battler] achievement has arrived. Complete 10 challenging
   family-only pet battle achievements in Kul Tiras and Zandalar to earn your
   new[Wicker Wraith] pet.
 * Progress toward the new[100 Exalted Reputations] achievement is account-wide.
   Complete it to earn the[Pureheart Courser] mount and the "Esteemed" title.

ITEMS AND REWARDS
 * Account-bound maps to unlock many flight points onKul TirasandZandalarcan be
   purchased from the War Campaign emissary to send to your alts.
 * TheTortollanshave new trinkets they're willing to share if you'llhelp the
   baby turtles make it to the water.
 * The[Meat Wagon] mount is now available to players who purchasedWarcraft III:
   Reforged.

AZERITE GEAR VENDOR
 * You can now target specific kinds of Azerite armor by earning[Titan Residuum]
   , which can be used to purchase Azerite armor from everyone's favorite
   purveyor of exquisite furnishings:Thaumaturge Vashreen. * The item contained
      in your Mythic Keystone weekly cache can no longer be a piece of Azerite
      gear. You'll now receive an amount of Titan Residuum in addition to your
      weekly item.
    * Higher-level
      Keystones return greater amounts of Titan Residuum from your weekly cache.
    * Scrapping ordisenchantingnew epic-quality Azerite gear obtained in Tides
      of Vengeance (from any source) also provides Titan Residuum.
    * Thaumaturge
      Vashreen currently offers slot-specific tokens for Azerite gear,
      equivalent to item levels from Normal, Heroic, and MythicUldir.
    * Additionally,
      specific pieces of Mythic Raid item level Azerite gear may be purchased at
      a premium price.
    * There is no cap on
      the amount of Titan Residuum you may collect.
    * When Season 2
      begins, Thaumaturge Vashreen will offer new, higher item-level Azerite
      items at higher Residuum asking prices, while the weekly Mythic Keystone
      chest reward and the Residuum obtained from destroying higher item-level
      Azerite pieces increases proportionally.
   
   

HEART OF AZEROTH
 * New Azerite Traits are available from gear found in theBattle for Darkshore
   Warfront: * Ancients' Bulwark– Standing still grants you Versatility and moving grants
      you healing.
    * Apothecary's Concoctions– Your damaging and healing abilities have a
      chance to deal extra plague damage or restore missing health.
    * Endless Hunger (Azerite trait)– Increases your Versatility and grants you
      health when you move near an enemy's corpse.
    * Shadow of Elune– Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your
      Haste and grant you increased movement speed at night.
   
   
 * Each specialization has had one of its Azerite traits replaced with a new
   one. Details may be found in the Class changes section below.
 * More new Azerite Traits and armor with a new fifth tier of traits will become
   available in Season 2 and from Battle of Dazar'alor.
 * ReachingFriendly,Honored, orReveredreputation with theChampions of Azeroth
   faction now unlocks the appropriate quests to upgrade your Heart of Azeroth
   for all characters on your account.
 * The cost of using the Azerite Reforging services available in your faction
   capital has been reset to the base 5 gold. This cost now decays by 50% every
   24 hours, down from 72 hours.

NEW FOLLOWER EQUIPMENT
 * New basic equipment forFollowersis now available from yourHonorboundor7th
   Legionreputation vendor.
 * Alchemistscan now learn and craft a powerful new Follower item that bypasses
   the troop penalty on Stealth missions:[Vial of Obfuscation] .

NEW HEIRLOOMS
 * Honorbound and 7th Legion quartermasters in the Warfront muster area in each
   capital offer new Heirlooms in exchange for Medals.
 * [Battle Hymnal] (A trinket that temporarily increases your and your party's
   Haste)
 * [Bolstering War Horn] (A trinket that temporarily increases your and your
   party'sVersatility)
 * [Cloak of Hardened Steel] (A cloak that increases your experience gains)
 * [Dusk Powder] (A Trinket that, on use, temporarily reduces thethreatyou
   generate)
 * [Enchanted Warscroll] (A trinket that temporarily increases your and your
   party's Haste)

PARAGON REPUTATIONS
 * AllBattle for Azerothfactions now offer repeatable Paragon reward caches when
   you earn reputation with them after reachingExalted.
 * Rewards include toys such as the[Bowl of Glowing Pufferfish] and companion
   pets such as theCobalt Raven.

GOLD REWARDS
 * World Quests and Missions now reward more gold.

NEW PVP BRAWL: COOKING: IMPOSSIBLE
Nomiis back, and he wants you to bring your most dangerous pots and pans to The
Valley of the Four Windsfor a new brawl in the kitchen. Look to your in-game
calendar for round one of this cutthroat culinary conflict.

BATTLE PETS: THERE'S GNOME PLACE LIKE GNOMEREGAN
 * You're called to an all-new pet dungeon experience. Pick up your first quest
   to head toGnomereganfromRadek FuselockinDazar'alororTizzy GearjoltinBoralus.
   You'll find the new vendorMicro Zooxjust outside Gnomeregan, offering four
   new companions:[Mechanical Cockroach] ,Leper Rat,[Mechantula] (a schematic for
   Engineersto craft and trade), and everyone's best friend,Alarm-o-Dog. * 
      Completing the normal version of the pet dungeon rewards an[Ultimate
      Battle-Training Stone] , and completing the Challenge version rewards your
      very ownMini Spider Tankpet.
    * The
      Gnomeregan battle pet dungeon does not require that you have completed
      previous battle pet dungeons.
    * If
      you'd like to compete head-to-head with other players, the PvP pet battle
      matchmaker has been improved. Now, players who are new to the PvP battle
      pet system are more likely to be matched up against other new PvP pet
      battlers.
   
   

PROFESSIONS
 * Keep an eye out for new additions to many Professions, including new gear,
   new feasts for your raid and dungeon groups, newJewelcraftingrings,
   inscriptionContracts for increased Honorbound and 7th Legion reputation, and
   new craftable pets. * Learn new[Sanguicell] recipes forEngineering,Alchemy,Enchanting, andCooking
      .
    * Look out for the Enchanting new pet:[Enchanted Tiki Mask] .
    * Level 111-120 gems can no longer be placed into thesocketsof items from
      previous expansions.
    * Darkmoon Fairequest-based skillups now apply automatically to the most
      recent expansion profession progress that is not at its maximum.
    * Professions-related World Quests now have a chance to
      reward[Expulsom] .
    * HerbalismWorld Quests now have a chance to reward[Anchor Weed] .
   
   

CHARACTER APPEARANCES
 * Night elveswhocompletethe new Darkshore questline may earn a new custom
   appearance that may then be selected atbarber shopsthroughoutAzeroth.
 * Partially collectedtransmogsets will now tell you more information about
   which missingappearancesare relevant to your current character.
 * Items with reputation requirements to acquire no longer require that
   reputation to apply as a transmog appearance, once acquired.
 * Fist weaponscan now be transmogrified over other types of one-handed melee
   weapons, and vice-versa.
 * If your character's race or faction cosmetically changes (such as in Battle
   of Dazar'alor orMercenary Mode), any Horde or Alliance-centric armor and
   weapon appearances your character is wearing or has transmogrified to will
   update to appear as the enemy faction's version. If you have a transmogrified
   appearance that isn't considered valid for the race you change in to, the
   transmog will be removed and your equipped armor will show, subject to the
   same faction split.

GROUP FINDER
 * Dungeons from prior expansions will no longer appear when searching for
   Dungeon groups in thePremade Group Finder. For example, level 120 players
   will no longer see groups listed forLower Blackrock Spire.
 * Battle for Azerothdungeons now automatically change you to aspecthat matches
   the role you chose when you queued.
 * Fixed issues that could prevent groups from using the Premade Group Finder to
   form or backfill groups forTimewalkingraids.
 * When an attempt to queue for an activity fails due to party member
   eligibility, the group leader is now informed which party members are not
   eligible.

MOBILECOMPANION APP
 * Added new Missions and rewards.
 * Added new World Quests and additional zones:Arathi HighlandsandDarkshore.
 * Fixed performance and disconnection issues.
 * Fixed a bug whereAzerite Armor Cachesshowed incorrect item level.

WORLD AND QUESTING
 * Time to level from 1 to 110 has been reduced by approximately 25%.
 * LegionWorld Quests for theHighmountain Tribe,Nightfallen,Army of the Light,
   andArgussian Reachnow reward increased reputation.
 * The initial chapters of the War Campaign now reward more reputation with the
   7th Legion or Honorbound.
 * Most world quests are no longer completable in a raid group, and Premade
   Group Finder groups for them will automatically delist upon reaching 5
   players. Epic world boss quests are still raid-eligible.
 * Rest areashave been added toHook PointandThe Mugambala.
 * A new flight point has been added to The Mugambala.

USER INTERFACE
 * The flight maps inEastern KingdomsandKalimdorhave been updated to a higher
   resolution.
 * Reputation rewards from world quests and missions now use quality to indicate
   their potency.
 * Bag search will now help find new things including item quality, Azerite,
   specific Azerite powers, and stats appearing on an item.
 * Items which have stats that scale with your character's level (such as gems
   in the auction house) will now show their stats at the maximum value.
 * Pending summons now show on party/raid frames.
 * While the scrapper UI is open, scrappable items will be marked with an
   overlaid icon.
 * The location of the scrapper will now show on yourminimap.
 * The Mythic Keystone Dungeon tab now shows the highest-level Mythic dungeon
   that was completed in time. Higher-level completions that were not in time
   are still stored and can be seen when mousing over a given dungeon in the
   interface.
 * Inbound and outboundblocks(both melee and ranged) will now show in floating
   combat text.
 * The responsiveness of theCommunitiesUI has been improved.
 * Upcoming calendar events are now shown in Community chat.

CLASSES
ALL CLASSES
 * Area damage abilities such as[Chain Lightning] or[Avenger's Shield] can now
   properly destroy totems or Explosive orbs in[Mythic Keystone] dungeons if the
   player targets them directly.
 * Shieldusers can now block ranged physical attacks.
 * Fixed pathing issues that could cause some spells such as[Frozen Orb] to
   become stuck.
 * Troll[Berserking] reduced to 10% Haste for 12 seconds (was 15% Haste for 10
   seconds).
 * Blood Elf[Arcane Torrent] cooldown increased to 2 minutes (was 1.5 minutes).
 * Azerite Traits * Ephemeral Recoveryredesigned. It now provides a mana gain when you go
      below 20% mana.
    * Self Relianceheal now activates when no enemies are within 12 yards (was
      20 yards).
   
   

DEATH KNIGHT
 * [Death Strike] (Rank 2) now reduces the cost of Death Strike by 10 and
   increases its healing by 60% (was 40%).
 * [Veteran of the Third War] is now learned by all specs, providing 10% stamina
   to Frost and Unholy, and 60% to Blood Death Knights.
 * Azerite Traits * Bloody Runeblade(replacesEmbrace of the Darkfallen) - When[Crimson
      Scourge] activates, you gain 259 Haste for 5 seconds, and immediately gain
      5Runic Power.
    * [80] Cold Hearted-[Icebound Fortitude] heals for 1908 every second and its
      cooldown is reduced by 15 seconds.
    * Frostwhelp's Indignation(replacesGlacial Contagion) -[Pillar of Frost]
      summons a Frostwhelp who breathes on all enemies within 20 yards in front
      of you for 864 Frost damage. Each unique enemy hit by Frostwhelp's
      Indignation grants you 35 Mastery for 6 seconds, up to 175.
    * Helchains(replacesHorrid Experimentation) -Dark Transformationslinks you
      and your pet with chains that deal 467 Fire damage every second to enemies
      between you for 15 seconds.
    * Magus of the Dead(replacesFestering Doom) -[Apocalypse] and[80] Army of the
      Damnedadditionally summon a Magus of the Dead who hurls Frostbolts and
      Shadowbolts at your foes, dealing 933 each.
   
   
 * Blood * [Bonestorm] now heals you for a maximum of 15% of your health.
    * [Purgatory] no longer clears on death.
    * [Will of the Necropolis] now reduces damage taken below 30% by 30% (was 35%
      reduction below 35% health).
   
   
 * Frost * [Breath of Sindragosa] damage decreased by 10%.
    * Dreadwake Armor 2-piece bonus value reduced to 3% (was 15%).
   
   
 * Unholy * [All Will Serve] Skulker Shot damage reduced by 15%.
    * [Bursting Sores] now affects all nearby targets.
    * Death and Decay's Necrotic Strike now also hits up to 3 additional
      targets.
   
   

DEMON HUNTER
 * [Chaos Brand] now triggers from all damage (was only Fire/Chaos damage).
 * Azerite Traits * Chaotic Transformation(replacesUnbound Chaos) -[Demon Blades] /[Demon's
      Bite] deals 283 additional damage. When you activateMetamorphosis, the
      cooldown of[Eye Beam] and[Blade Dance] is immediately reset.
    * Hour of Reaping(replacesGaping Maw) - Lesser Soul Fragments restore 467
      additional health, and every 40 Soul Fragments you consume causes your
      next[Soul Cleave] to grant you a[Soul Barrier] .
    * [Revel in Pain] now additionally causes[Fiery Brand] to last 10 seconds.
    * New:Thrive in Chaos- EachFury/Painspent heals you for 10 / 25 Health.
   
   
 * Havoc * [Vengeful Retreat] is no longer subject to theglobal cooldown.
   
   

DRUID
 * [Wild Charge] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
 * Azerite Traits * Arcanic Pulsar(replacesSunblaze) -[Starsurge] 's damage is increased by
      429. Every 9 Starsurges, gain[Celestial Alignment] for 6 seconds.
    * Autumn Leaveshealing reduced by 25%, and now increases[Rejuvenation]
      duration by 1 second.
    * Burst of Savagery(replacesCraggy Bark) - Consuming[Gore] grants you 104
      mastery for 5 seconds and has a 15% chance to activate Gore.
    * Early Harvest(replacesFungal Essence) - When[Wild Growth] expires, it heals
      the target for 291 if they are injured or it reduces the cooldown of
      [Innervate] by 1 sec if they are not.
    * High Noonnow increases[Sunfire] periodic damage instead (was direct
      damage).
    * Jungle Fury(replacesShredding Fury) -[Tiger's Fury] increases your critical
      strike by 339 and lasts 12 seconds.
    * Power of the Moonnow increases[Moonfire] periodic damage (was direct
      damage), and now grants Moonfire periodic damage a chance to grantLunar
      Empowerment.
    * ReawakeningAbsorption doubled, and now grants the target of your[Rebirth] a
      Well Fed buff.
    * New:Switch Hitter- An ability from your chosen Affinity grants an
      additional bonus for 20 seconds.
    * Untamed Ferocity(replacesRaking Ferocity) - Combo-point generating
      abilities deal 86 additional instant damage and reduce the cooldown of
      [Berserk] by 0.3 seconds.
   
   
 * Balance * [Mastery: Starlight] now affects[Starsurge] andSolar Empowermentat full
      value (was half value).
    * [Stellar Flare] damage increased by 25%.
    * Twin Moonsdamage bonus to[Moonfire] reduced to 10% (was 20%).
   
   
 * Feral * Feral spec aura no longer has a hidden 25% bonus to Haste.
    * [Mastery: Razor Claws] now includes finishing moves.
    * [Ferocious Bite] no longer refreshes the duration of[Rip] if the target is
      below 25% health.
    * [Maim] Energy cost reduced to 30 (was 35), and damage increased by 50%.
    * New:Primal Wrath- Finishing move that deals instant damage and applies
      [Rip] to all enemies within 10 yards. Lasts longer per combo point.
    * [Shred] damage increased by 20%, and damage bonus from stealth reduced to
      30% (was 50%).
    * [Rip] Energy cost reduced to 20 (was 30), combo points now increase the
      duration (was damage), and lasts longer per combo point.
    * [Savage Roar] now grants 10% damage (was 15%), and now grants 10% Energy
      regeneration rate.
    * New:Scent of Blood (Azerite trait)) - Each enemy hit by Thrash reduces the
      cost of Swipe by 3 Energy for the next 6 seconds.
   
   
 * Guardian * All damage abilities increased 12%.
    * At level 80, Guardian Druids now learnStampeding Roar(Rank 2), which
      reduces the cooldown of Stampeding Roar by 1 minute.
    * [Ursol's Vortex] (replaces[Intimidating Roar] ) - Conjures a vortex of wind
      for 10 seconds at the destination, reducing the movement speed of all
      enemies within 8 yards by 50%. The first time an enemy attempts to leave
      the vortex, winds will pull that enemy back to its center.
   
   
 * Restoration * [Tranquility] direct healing reduced by 10%, and heal-over-time healing
      reduced by 40%.
    * [Wild Growth] healing increased by 10%.
   
   

HUNTER
 * [Beast Lore] now shows spec and abilities.
 * Many creatures that were previously untamable can now be tamed by Hunters.
 * Hunter shots now visually fire from the correct attachment point.
 * The spell visuals for[Barrage] have been improved.
 * Azerite Traits * Dire Consequences(replacesPack Alpha) -[Kill Command] deals 525 additional
      damage, and has a chance to summon a Dire Beast.
    * New:Nature's Salve-[Exhilaration] heals you for an additional 11505 health,
      and its cooldown is reduced by 15 seconds.
    * Primeval Intuition(replacesUp Close and Personal) - Your maximumFocusis
      increased and[Mongoose Bite] /[Raptor Strike] increases your Critical Strike
      by 10 for 12 seconds, stacking up to 5 times.
    * Surging Shots(replacesArcane Flurry) -[Rapid Fire] damage is increased per
      shot fired. This damage starts lower and increases per shot of Rapid Fire.
      [Aimed Shot] has a 15% chance to reset the cooldown of Rapid Fire.
   
   
 * Beast Mastery * Your second Animal Companion will now[Play Dead] and benefit from[Mend Pet]
      .
    * [Dire Beast] now properly includes beasts from Kul Tiras and Zandalar.
   
   
 * Marksmanship * [Aimed Shot] damage increased by 20% and no longer has a +50% damage bonus
      if it is the first shot against a target.
    * [Arcane Shot] damage increased 25%.
    * [Bursting Shot] now snares for 6 seconds (was 4 seconds), can no longer be
      dodged, and knocks targets back much farther.
    * [Disengage] can now be used while using Rapid Fire without breaking the
      channel.
    * [Explosive Shot] redesigned. Now fires an explosive shot at your target.
      After 3 seconds, the shot will explode, dealing Fire damage to all enemies
      within 8 yards
    * [Lethal Shots] redesigned. Arcane Shot and Multi-Shot have a 20% chance to
      reduce the cooldown of Rapid Fire by 5 seconds.
    * [Lone Wolf] now ramps up to maximum effect 20 seconds after dismissing your
      pet (was 50 seconds).
    * [Multi-Shot] damage increased 25%, and radius increased to 10 yards (was
      8).
    * [Piercing Shot] now ignores armor and can no longer be blocked.
    * Precise Shotsbonus reduced to 75% (was 100%).
    * [Serpent Sting] damage increased by 15%.
    * [Steady Shot] now also increases the duration of Concussive Shot on a
      target by 3 seconds.
    * Streamlineadditional Rapid Fire duration reduced to 20% (was 30%).
    * Trick Shotsadditional damage increased to 50% (was 40%).
    * [Trueshot] redesigned. Reduces the cooldown of your[Aimed Shot] and[Rapid
      Fire] by 60%, and causes Aimed Shot to cast 50% faster.
    * [Volley] now has a greater chance to activate and does less damage.
   
   
 * Survival * [Harpoon] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
   
   

MAGE
 * [Cold Snap] can once again be used while in[Ice Block] .
 * Azerite Traits * Brain Stormnow also makes[Evocation] grant 2Arcane Chargesimmediately.
    * Equipoise(replacesAnomalous Impact) - When you are above 70% mana,[Arcane
      Blast] deals 150 additional damage. When you are below 70% mana, Arcane
      Blast's cost is reduced by 190.
    * [Flash Freeze] (replacesWinter's Reach) - Each of your Icicles deals 897
      additional damage, and when an Icicle deals damage you have a 3% chance to
      gain the[Fingers of Frost] effect.
    * New:Quick Thinking- Your instant cast damaging spells heal you for 784.
    * Wildfire(replacesPreheat) -[Pyroblast] deals 937 additional damage. When
      you activate[Combustion] , you gain 768 Critical Strike, and up to 4 nearby
      allies gain 96 Critical Strike for 10 seconds.
   
   
 * Frost * All damage increased by 3%.
    * [Blizzard] now applies a 50% snare for 1.5 seconds (was 50% snare for 15
      seconds) and range increased to 40 yards (was 35 yards).
    * [Comet Storm] damage reduced by 10%.
    * [Frostbolt] now applies a 50% snare for 8 seconds (was 50% snare for 15
      seconds).
    * [Frozen Orb] now applies a 30% snare for 3 seconds (was 50% snare for 15
      seconds).
    * Regalia of the Arcane Tempest2-piece set bonus reduced to 4% crit damage
      (was 20%).
   
   

MONK
 * [Crackling Jade Lightning] initial tick and damage per-tick reduced 20%.
 * Azerite Traits * Burst of Lifenow additionally reduces the cooldown of[Life Cocoon] by 20
      seconds.
    * Dance of Chi-Ji(replacesMeridian Strikes) - SpendingChihas a chance to
      make your next[Spinning Crane Kick] free and deal 2966 additional damage.
    * New:Exit Strategy- Rolling grants you 73 Avoidance for 2 seconds. Taking
      non-periodic damage in this time reduces the cooldown of[Roll] by 5
      seconds.
    * Fury of Xuen(replacesIron Fist) - Your Combo Strikes grant you the Fury of
      Xuen, giving your next[Fists of Fury] a 2% chance to grant 1200 Haste and
      Invoke Xuen, The White Tigerfor 8 seconds.
    * Glory of the Dawn(replacesSwift Roundhouse) - Rising Sun Kick has a chance
      to trigger a second time, dealing 11526 Physical damage and restoring 1
      Chi.
    * Secret Infusion(replacesInvigorating Brew) - After using[Thunder Focus
      Tea] , your next spell gives 80 of a stat for 10 seconds.
    * Straight, No Chaser(replacesNiuzao's Blessing) -[Ironskin Brew] increases
      your Armor by 69, and has an 8% chance to not consume a charge.
   
   
 * Brewmaster * Base[Stagger] amount reduced to 105% of Agility (was 140%).
    * [Ironskin Brew] increases Stagger by 270% (was 250%).
    * Black Ox Statuethreat radius reduced to 20 yards (was 30 yards).
   
   
 * Mistweaver * [Enveloping Mist] healing reduced by 13%.
    * [Soothing Mist] is no longer dispellable.
   
   
 * Windwalker * All damage increased by 5%.
    * [Good Karma] redesigned - 100% of the damage redirected by Touch of Karma
      also heals you.
    * [Rushing Jade Wind] now has a 1 Chi cost, a 6 second duration, and 6 second
      cooldown.
    * [Touch of Death] damage reduced to 35% of your maximum health (was 50%).
    * [Touch of Karma] damage redirected is now 70% of absorbed damage (was 100%
      of absorbed damage).
   
   

PALADIN
 * Paladin[Divine Steed] glyphs from theLegionOrder Hall are now accessible
   account-wide.
 * Azerite Traits * Divine Revelationsnow additionally increases[Infusion of Light] -buffed
      Flashes of Light.
    * New:Empyreal Ward-[Lay on Hands] grants the target 259 armor for 1 minute.
    * Empyrean Power(replacesDivine Right) - Your attacks have a chance to make
      your next[Divine Storm] free and deal 2559 additional damage.
    * Glimmer of Light(replacesMartyr's Breath) -[Holy Shock] leaves a Glimmer of
      Light on the target for 30 seconds. When you Holy Shock, all targets with
      Glimmer of Light are damaged for 421 or healed for 730.
    * Light's Decree(replacesZealotry (Azerite trait)) - SpendingHoly Power
      during[Avenging Wrath] causes you to explode with Holy light for 1182
      damage per Holy Power spent to nearby enemies. Avenging Wrath's duration
      is increased by 5 seconds.
    * Righteous Conviction(replacesDauntless Divinity) - Your[Light of the
      Protector] heals for 1290 additional healing, and is always increased by
      200% during Avenging Wrath.
   
   
 * Holy * Holy Paladin spells and visuals have been updated.
   
   
 * Protection * [Hand of the Protector] bonus is now based on your target's missing health.
   
   
 * Retribution * [Consecration] damage increased by 20%.
    * Fixed a bug that prevented consecutive[Divine Purpose] procs. To
      compensate, Diving Purpose damage and healing increased reduced to 20%
      (was 30%).
    * [Divine Storm] damage increased by 20%.
    * [Greater Blessing of Kings] absorption increased 19% and can no longer
      stack.
    * [Greater Blessing of Wisdom] no longer restores health, only mana, and can
      no longer stack.
   
   

PRIEST
 * [Focused Will] now stacks to a maximum of 1 (was 2).
 * [Halo] damage and healing reduced 6%.
 * [Power Word: Shield] applies Weakened Soul, preventing the same caster from
   recasting it on the same target for 7.5 seconds.
 * Azerite Traits * New:Death Denied-[Leap of Faith] absorbs the next 10,736 damage to the
      target within 10 seconds. While the shield holds, Leap of Faith cools down
      200% faster.
    * Depth of the Shadowshealing bonus increased 100%, and now increases
      [Atonement] duration, when applied by[Shadow Mend] , by 2 seconds.
    * Promise of Deliverance(replacesSacred Flame) - For 10 seconds after you
      cast[Holy Word: Serenity] ,[Heal] and[Flash Heal] heal for an additional 472,
      and reduce the cooldown of Holy Word: Serenity by an additional 1 seconds.
    * Searing Dialoguenow also causes[Mind Sear] to snare targets hit by Mind
      Sear by 30% for 1 second.
    * Sudden Revelation(replacesGift of Forgiveness) -[Power Word: Radiance] has
      a 50% chance to cause your next[Holy Nova] to deal 1470 additional damage
      and reduce the cooldown of Power Word: Radiance by 3 seconds.
    * Thought Harvesterredesigned.[Vampiric Touch] damage is increased, and each
      time Vampiric Touch deals damage you have a chance to increase the damage
      of your next[Mind Sear] within 20 seconds by 300%.
    * Whispers of the Damnedredesigned.[Mind Blast] now deals additional damage
      and generates additional Insanity on critical strikes.
   
   
 * Discipline * Damage of[Smite] and[Shadow Word: Pain] reduced by 11%.
    * Damage of[Shadowfiend] ,[Mindbender] ,[Purge the Wicked] ,[Schism] , and[Power
      Word: Solace] reduced 8%.
    * [Atonement] heals for 55% of damage done (was 60%).
    * [Body and Soul] no longer has a 6 second internal cooldown.
    * [Evangelism] cooldown increased to 90 seconds (was 75 seconds).
    * [Power Word: Shield] cost increased to 2.65% of mana (was 2.5%).
    * [Rapture] additionally allows you to ignoreWeakened Soul.
   
   
 * Holy * [Benediction] proc rate decreased to 25% (was 30%).
    * [Binding Heal] healing reduced to 67% of spell power (was 75%), and now
      costs 2.9% of mana (was 2.4%).
    * [[Focused Will]  (rank 2) allows it to stack to 2.
    * [Greater Fade] now cancels when the Priest takes a hostile action.
    * [Heal] healing increased to 175% (was 160%)
    * Holy Word: Salvationinitial healing reduced to 110% (was 150%).
    * [Renew] healing increased by 15%.
    * [Trail of Light] now affects Heal as well as[Flash Heal] and replicates 35%
      of the initial cast (was 40%).
   
   
 * Shadow * Shadow Priests now have[Focused Will] .
    * All damage reduced by 5%.
    * [Dispersion] damage reduction increased to 75% (was 60%), and now also
      increases movement speed by 50% for its duration.
    * New:Intangibility(replaces[Mania] ) - Dispersion heals for 50% of your
      maximum health over its duration and has 30 seconds reduced cooldown.
    * Hallucinationsis now a passive ability for all Shadow Priests (was a PvP
      talent).
    * [Legacy of the Void] now increases[Voidform] 's damage bonus by 5%.
    * [Mind Bomb] duration increased to 6 seconds (was 5 seconds).
    * [Mind Sear] damage increased by 20%.
    * [Power Word: Shield] no longer has a cooldown.
    * [Psychic Scream] damage break threshold increased by 40% against
      non-players.
    * [Shadowform] no longer provides 10% physical damage reduction.
    * [Surrender to Madness] cooldown reduced to 3 minutes (was 4 minutes), and
      Insanitygeneration penalty duration reduced to 15 seconds (was 30
      seconds).
    * [Voidform] now increases spell damage by 20% (was 10%), and Insanity drain
      increase reduced by 7.5%.
    * [Void Bolt] Insanity generation increased to 20 (was 16).
    * [Void Torrent] damage increased by 20%, now generates 25 Insanity over its
      duration, and no longer requires Voidform.
   
   

ROGUE
 * Azerite Traits * Blade in the Shadowsnow reduces the cost of[Shadowstrike] by 2 Energy as a
      non-stacking bonus. Damage bonus reduced by 40%.
    * Echoing Blades(replacesFan of Blades) -[Fan of Knives] damage is increased
      by 321. For each of the first 5 critical strikes, it will fire a second
      spray of knives at that location, dealing 1282 damage to enemies within 8
      yards.
    * Keep Your Wits About You(replacesStorm of Steel) - Each time an attack
      Blade Flurries, increase the chance for[Sinister Strike] to strike again by
      2%. Additional strikes of Sinister Strike deal 1844 more damage.
    * New:Lying in Wait- While no enemy is within 12 yards, heal for 689 every
      second. While any enemy is within 12 yards, gain 173Speed.
    * Nothing Personal(replacesPoisoned Wire) -[Vendetta] poisons the target,
      dealing 11049 damage over 20 seconds, and grants you 40 energy over 20
      seconds.
    * Perforatenow reduces the cooldown of[Shadow Blades] by 0.5 seconds when
      Backstabbingan enemy from behind.
    * Replicating Shadows(replacesSharpened Blade) - Each combo point spent has
      an 2% chance to cause your[Nightblade] to deal 5843 Shadow damage and
      spread to a nearby enemy.
    * The First Danceredesigned. Activating[Shadow Dance] now grants you Combo
      Points and increases your Haste for its duration.
   
   
 * Subtlety * [Shuriken Combo] (baseline passive) removed.
    * [Shuriken Storm] damage increased by 35%.
   
   

SHAMAN
 * Capacitor Totemand[Earthbind Totem] range increased to 40 yards.
 * Spirit Wolf (shaman talent)is now available when you're dead.
 * Azerite Traits * New:Ancient Ankh Talisman- While[Reincarnation] is off cooldown, your
      maximum health is increased by 2590. While you are at full health,
      Reincarnation cools down 50% faster.
    * Tectonic Thunder(replacesRumbling Tremors) -[Earthquake] deals 596 Physical
      damage instantly, and has a 25% chance to make your next[Chain Lightning]
      be instant cast.
    * Spouting Spiritshealing reduced by 15%, and now increases[Spirit Link
      Totem] radius by 15%.
    * New:Thunderaan's Fury-[Stormstrike] deals 271.5 additional damage, and has
      a 15% chance to summon Thunderaan's Fury Totem, doubling the chance to
      activate[Windfury Weapon] for 12 seconds.
    * Turn of the Tide(replacesEbb and Flow) - Both bonuses of Tidal Waves are
      increased 5%, and spells affected by it heal for an additional 859.
   
   
 * Elemental * New:[Call the Thunder] - Your maximumMaelstromincreased by 30, and the
      Maelstrom cost of[Earth Shock] and[Earthquake] is reduced by 10.
    * [Earth Shock] damage reduced by 16%.
    * [Earthquake] range increased to 40 yards.
    * [Elemental Blast] overloads will now always grant a separate secondary stat
      buff from the primary spell and the overloaded spell.
    * [Flame Shock] duration increased to 24 seconds (was 18 seconds).
    * [Icefury] now generates 25 Maelstrom (was 15), overload generates 12
      Maelstrom (was 8), now causes your next 4Frost Shocksto generate 8
      Maelstrom, and bonus damage increased to 200% (was 100%).
    * [Master of the Elements] can now also buff your next Physical damage spell.
    * [Lightning Bolt] damage increased by 40%.
    * [Stormkeeper] now also increases the damage of your next twoLightning Bolts
      (and their overloads) by 150%.
    * New:[Surge of Power] -[Earth Shock] also enhances your next spell cast
      within 15 seconds ([Flame Shock] ,[Lightning Bolt] ,[Lava Burst] ,[Frost
      Shock] ).
   
   
 * Enhancement * All damage increased by 5%.
    * Boulderfistdamage increase is now 35% (was 20%).
    * [Crashing Storm] damage increased by 40%.
    * Forceful Windsdamage per stack reduced to 80% (was 100%).
    * [Fury of Air] damage increased by 40%.
    * [Hailstorm] damage increased by 50%.
    * Landslideproc chance increased to 40% (was 20%).
    * [Lightning Shield] overcharge no longer generates Maelstrom.
    * [Overcharge] cooldown reduced to 9 seconds (was 12 seconds).
    * [Totem Mastery] Storm Totem increased to 10% Stormstrike damage (was 5%).
   
   
 * Restoration * [Chain Heal] healing increased 33%.
    * [High Tide] redesigned. Every (40,000 at level 120) mana you spend brings a
      High Tide, making your next 2 Chain Heals heal for an additional 20% and
      not reduce with each jump.
    * [Unleash Life] now heals for 130% (was 110%), increases the next heal by
      35% (was 45%), and costs 4% mana (was 5%).
   
   

WARLOCK
 * Players can now summon other players in their group who are present in the
   same dungeon.
 * All Warlocks now have[Demonic Embrace] (passive) – Stamina increased by 10%.
 * ImpFirebolt damage increased by 25%.
 * Felhunter,Succubus, andVoidwalkerdamage increased by 15%.
 * Azerite Traits * Baleful Invocation(replacesForbidden Knowledge (Azerite trait)) - Your
      Demonic Tyrant's Demonfire deals 375 additional damage, and summoning your
      Demonic Tyrant instantly generates 5Soul Shards.
    * Chaos Shards(replacesAccelerant) -[Incinerate] damage is increased by 198,
      and when you fill up a Soul Shard, you have a 5% chance to generate an
      additional full Soul Shard over 2 seconds.
    * Dreadful Callingdamage increased by 30%.
    * Inevitable Demiseis now triggered by[Agony] (was[Corruption] ), and stacks
      up to 50 times (was 100).
    * Pandemic Invocation(replacesDeathbloom) - Refreshing[Corruption] ,[Agony] ,
      or[Siphon Life] will deal 692 Shadow damage and has a chance to grant you a
      Soul Shard.
    * New:Terror of the Mind- You steal 770 health every 1 second from targets
      affected by your Fear spell.
   
   
 * Affliction * [Unstable Affliction] damage reduced by 9%.
   
   
 * Demonology * [Bilescourge Bombers] damage increased by 50%.
    * Demonic Consumption– eachWild Impconsumed now has a chance to procDemonic
      Core, and your Tyrant's damage bonus per energy consumed has been
      increased by 100%.
    * TheDemonic Tyrant's summon duration extension now also applies to any
      demons summoned from the[Nether Portal] .
    * Felguardspell power scaling increased by 15%, and Legion Strike damage
      additionally increased by 20%.
    * [Nether Portal] duration changed to 15 seconds (was 20 seconds), and cost
      reduced to 1 soul shard (was 3). All pets that can come out of the Nether
      Portal now deal 25% increased damage.
    * Sacrificed Soulsadditional damage per demon reduced to 4% (was 5%).
   
   
 * Destruction * [Rain of Fire] range increased to 40 yards (was 35 yards).
   
   

WARRIOR
 * [Battle Shout] now correctly increases auto-attack damage by 10%.
 * Azerite Traits * Bastion of Might(replacesReinforced Plating) -Avatarincreases your Mastery
      by 106 for 20 seconds, and instantly grants you[Ignore Pain] .
    * Cold Steel, Hot Blood(replacesBloodcraze (Azerite trait)) -[Bloodthirst]
      critical strikes generate additionalRageand inflict a Gushing Wound that
      leeches health over 6 seconds.
    * Crushing AssaultSlam damage increased to 10,800 (was 7,060).
    * Gathering Storm (Azerite trait)redesigned. Now whileBladestorming, you
      gain movement speed and strength, stacking.
    * New:Intimidating Presence-[Intimidating Shout] reduces the movement speed
      of affected enemies by 50%, and prevents the next 8109 damage they deal
      after Intimidating Shout ends.
    * Striking the Anvil(replaces[Executioner's Precision] ) - The[Tactician]
      effect improves your next[Overpower] , causing it to deal 902 additional
      damage and reduce the remaining cooldown of[Mortal Strike] .
    * Unbridled Ferocity(replacesTrample the Weak) -[Rampage] deals additional
      damage and has a 8% chance to grant you[Recklessness] .
   
   
 * Arms * [Charge] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
    * [Execute] now refunds 20% of Rage spent if the target doesn't die (was
      30%).
   
   
 * Fury * [Charge] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
   
   
 * Protection * [Ignore Pain] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
    * [Intercept] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.
    * [Shield Block] recharge time reduced to 16 seconds (was 18 seconds).
    * Vanguardnow increases Stamina by 45% (was 40%), and armor by 60% of
      Strength (was 50%).
   
   

PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
 * The reward bonuses fromWar Modecan now scale above 10% when a faction was
   outnumbered over the course of the preceding week, up to a maximum of 30%
   additional quest rewards and experience.
 * In War Mode, an outnumbered faction now has access to a weekly quest to slay
   25 level 120 players of the opposing faction, rewarding a piece of item level
   370 Arathi Warfront gear and 1000Artifact Power.
 * War Mode can now be disabled in any rested area. It can still only be enabled
   inStormwindorOrgrimmar.
 * The Honor system reward vendor has been consolidated.
 * Strongboxes rewarded for unratedPvPhave been improved. They now containMarks
   of Honor, gold, PvP consumables, and profession materials. Strongboxes
   granted on victories contain greater amounts of these rewards.
 * RatedArenasandRated Battlegroundsnow grant an additional 50% conquest for all
   conquest reward weeks prior to week 9.
 * Honor pet rewards have consolidated to new vendors in Stormwind and
   Orgrimmar.
 * Alterac Valley * The relentless snow in Alterac Valley has raised the height
      ofStonehearth graveyard, making it more challenging for theHordeto
      assault.
   
   

CLASSES
 * [Healing Surge] ,[Healing Wave] ,[Holy Light] ,[Flash of Light] ,[Heal] , and
   [Regrowth] healing increased by 15% in PvP.

DEATH KNIGHT
 * [Decomposing Aura] now only applies to Blood and Unholy Death Knights.
 * [Heartstop Aura] now only applies to Blood and Frost Death Knights and
   decreases the cooldown recovery rate of abilities by 30% to enemies (was
   20%).
 * [Dark Simulacrum] cost reduced to none (was 20 Runic Power) and cooldown
   decreased to 20 seconds (was 25 seconds).
 * New PvP talent (Frost, Unholy):Transfusion. Generates 20 Runic Power and
   reduces the Runic Power cost of[Death Strike] by 50% for 7 seconds.
 * Frost * New PvP talent:[Dead of Winter] . After your[Remorseless Winter] deals
      damage 5 times to a target, they are Stunned for 4 seconds, and your
      Remorseless Winter's cooldown is increased by 25 seconds and its radius is
      reduced to 5 yards.
    * [Chill Streak] now deals up to 6% of the target's health in Frost damage
      (was 3%).
    * [Deathchill] reworked. It is now applied by[Remorseless Winter] and[Chains
      of Ice] (was[Death Grip] ), and now roots the target in place for 4 seconds.
    * [Delirium] now lasts for 15 seconds (was 8 seconds).
   
   
 * Unholy * New PvP talent:[Lichborne] . Become Undead for 10 seconds, all damage is
      reduced by 30%, and you are immune to Stun, Snare, Fear and Root effects.
      You cannot move faster than 50% of normal speed.
    * New PvP talent:Life and Death (death knight honor talent). When targets
      afflicted by your[Festering Wound] are healed, you are also healed for 10%
      of the amount. Your[Virulent Plague] now erupts for 400% of normal eruption
      damage when dispelled.
    * New PvP talent:Necromancer's Bargain. The cooldown of your[Apocalypse] is
      reduced by 45 seconds, your Apocalypse applies[Crypt Fever] to the target,
      and Crypt Fever deals up to 8% of the target's maximum health in Shadow
      damage over 4 seconds. Healing spells cast on this target will refresh the
      duration of Crypt Fever.
    * New PvP talent:Raise Abomination. Raises an Abomination for 25 second
      which wanders and attacks enemies near where it was summoned, applying
      [Festering Wound] when it melees targets, and affecting all those nearby
      with[Virulent Plague] .
   
   

DEMON HUNTER
 * Havoc * [Demonic Origins] no longer increases damage outside of[Metamorphosis] .
    * [Mana Break] no longer increases damage based on missing mana, now
      increases the mana cost of spells by 30% for 10 seconds, and now costs 50
      Fury.
    * [Mana Rift] now has an 8 yard range (was 20 yards), now explodes after 2.5
      seconds (was 2 seconds) and now costs 50 Fury.
   
   
 * Vengeance * [Demonic Trample] now increases speed by 175% for 3 seconds, now shares
      charges and cooldown with[Infernal Strike] , and targets can only be
      affected by its knockdown effect once every 45 seconds.
   
   

DRUID
 * Balance * [Deep Roots] now increases the amount of damage required to cancel your
      [Entangling Roots] and[Mass Entanglement] by 400% (was 200%).
    * [Faerie Swarm] now disarms targets for 5 seconds (was 8 seconds).
    * [Moonkin Aura] now causes[Starsurge] to grant 4% spell critical strike
      chance to 8 allies within 40 yards for 18 seconds, stacking up to 3 times.
   
   
 * Feral * [King of the Jungle] now increases healing received (was damage done).
    * New PvP Talent:Heart of the Wild (druid honor talent)- You become further
      adept in Caster Form and Bear Form.
    * New PvP Talent:[Leader of the Pack] - While in Cat Form, you increase the
      melee and ranged critical chance of all allies within 40 yards by 5%. Also
      causes affected targets to heal themselves for 4% of their maximum health
      when they critically hit with a melee or ranged attack. The healing effect
      cannot occur more than once every 6 seconds.
    * [Savage Momentum] now reduces the remaining cooldown of[Tiger's Fury] ,
      Stampeding Roar, and[Survival Instincts] by 10 seconds.
   
   
 * Guardian * [Freedom of the Herd] is now available to Guardian Druids.
   
   
 * Restoration * [Early Spring] now also grantsFull Bloomwhen[Wild Growth] heals 6 allies.
    * New PvP Talent:[Master Shapeshifter] - Your Guardian, Balance, or Feral
      Affinity is amplified, granting an additional effect.
    * [Nourish] has been redesigned and is now an active spell.
    * [Regrowth] healing increased by 15% in PvP.
   
   

MONK
 * [Eminence] reduces the cooldown of[Transcendence] by 20 seconds (was 5
   seconds), and is no longer available to Windwalker Monks.
 * [Grapple Weapon] cooldown reduced to 45 seconds.
 * Brewmaster * [Chrysalis] reduces[Life Cocoon] by 45 seconds (was 30 seconds).
   
   
 * Windwalker * New PvP talent:Alpha Tiger- Attacking new challengers with[Tiger Palm]
      fills you with the spirit of Xuen, granting you 30% haste for 8 seconds.
      This effect cannot occur more than once every 30 seconds per target.
    * [Chi Burst] is no longer cloned by or has its damage reduced by[Storm,
      Earth, and Fire] .
    * New PvP talent:Reverse Harm- Heals a friendly target for 8% of their
      maximum health and causes 100% of the amount healed to instantly be dealt
      to the nearest enemy as Nature damage within 5 yards. Generates 2 Chi.
    * [Ride the Wind] no longer increases the cooldown of[Flying Serpent Kick] .
    * New PvP talent:Turbo Fists-[Fists of Fury] now deals full damage to all
      targets hit, reduces all targets movement speed by 90%, and youParryall
      attacks while channeling Fists of Fury.
    * New PvP talent:Wind Waker- When you or allies are snared, the snare is
      instantly removed, and their movement speed is prevented from being
      reduced below 100% for 4 seconds.
   
   

PALADIN
 * Holy * [Cleanse the Weak] now also removesDiseasesandPoisonson targets healed by
      your[Holy Light] .
    * [Divine Favor] cooldown reduced to 25 seconds (was 45 seconds)
    * [Divine Vision] now also reduces Shadow damage by 15% dealt by damage over
      time and area of effect to allies within your aura.
    * [Flash of Light] healing increased by 15% in PvP.
    * [Holy Light] healing increased by 25% in PvP.
   
   

PRIEST
 * Discipline * [Trinity] now also causes[Smite] ,[Penance] , and[Shadowfiend] critical strike
      chance to be increased by 25% when you have[Atonement] on 3 or more allies.
   
   
 * Holy * [Heal] healing increased by 50% in PvP.
   
   
 * Shadow * [Edge of Insanity] now reduces damage taken and damage dealt by 10% and has
      a 15 second duration.
    * [Shadow Mend] healing increased by 25% in PvP.
   
   

ROGUE
 * Assassination * [Shiv] now costs 35 Energy, and now appliesDeadly,Wound, and[Crippling
      Poison] to the target.
   
   

SHAMAN
 * Elemental * Earth Fury (shaman honor talent)(Honor Talent) removed.
    * [Lightning Lasso] is no longer dispellable and deals damage of 48% of the
      target's health over 6 seconds.
   
   
 * Restoration * [Chain Heal] healing increased by 50% in PvP.
    * [Healing Surge] healing increased by 15% in PvP.
    * [Healing Wave] healing increased by 25% in PvP.
    * PvP talent[Rippling Waters] has been removed.
   
   

WARLOCK
 * [Curse of Weakness] now reduces attack power (was physical damage), and its
   effect is increased to 30% (was 25%).
 * Affliction, Destruction * New PvP talent:Demon Armor (warlock honor talent)- Protects the caster,
      increasing maximum health by 10% and increases armor by 125%.
   
   

WARRIOR
 * [Dragon Charge] is no longer subject to the global cooldown.

GAME CLIENT
 * Integrated new multi-threaded performance optimizations for clients using
   DirectX 12 and Metal.
 * All systems that are capable of DirectX 12 now default to DirectX 12.

ALLIED RACES -KUL TIRAN HUMANSANDZANDALARI TROLLNOW AVAILABLE
Take the final steps to bring new comrades into your faction. Level 120 players
who wish to create a Kul Tiran will need to reachExaltedwithProudmoore Admiralty
and earn the achievements[A Nation United] and[Tides of Vengeance] . Those wanting
to create a Zandalari character must be level 120, reachExaltedwithZandalari
Empireand earn the[110 - 120] Zandalar Forever!and[Tides of Vengeance]
achievements. Once you complete the requirements, visit theAlliance embassyin
StormwindorHorde embassyinOrgrimmarto begin a quest chain to recruit these new
Allied races.

Kul Tiraswas founded by fearless explorers who sailed uncharted waters in search
of adventure. As a key member of theAlliance of Lordaeron, the Kul Tiran navy
dominated the seas ofAzerothwith its legendary fleet.TheZandalariare a proud
people whose origins date back to the early days of Azeroth's history. Their
fierce warriors ride dinosaurs into battle, and they possess one of the most
formidable naval fleets in the known world.Leveling your new Kul Tiran or
Zandalari from 20 to 110 will earn you a unique cosmeticHeritage Armorset.
You’ll also unlock a new mount—the[Kul Tiran Charger] or[Zandalari Direhorn] —for
your collection atcharacter creation.

NEW QUESTS
Many new stories and adventures are now available across Azeroth.

THEWAR CAMPAIGNCONTINUES
Sylvanas's latest scheme causesBaine Bloodhoofto seek outJaina Proudmoore, far
from prying eyes. Speak toBluffwatcher ProudscarinZuldazarorHalford Wyrmbanein
Boralusto further your faction's agenda in this time of strife.

TOOLS OF THE TRADE
Embark on all new profession questlines forAlchemy,Blacksmithing,Enchanting,
Engineering,Inscription,Jewelcrafting,Leatherworking, andTailoring, each
culminating in an epic reward. If you've reached level 150 in Kul Tiran or
Zandalari professions, return to your main profession trainer(s) in Boralus and
Zuldazar to get started.

MAGNI BRONZEBEARD
Seek out the Speaker and speak with him to seek the understanding you'll need to
address the fate of Azeroth. Level 120 players should heed Magni's call to
continue the story and earn an item-level increase to your[Heart of Azeroth] .

HATI
All level 120 Hunters of Azeroth should speak to theImage of Mimironlocated in
Tradewinds MarketinBoralusor theGreat BazaarinZuldazar. You'll discover more
about Hati's whereabouts and make a future with your spirited companion by your
side once again.

NEW NAGA WORLD QUESTS
Beneath the depths something sinister stirs...

The serpentine forces ofQueen Azsharaare boldly venturing onto the beaches of
Kul Tiras and Zandalar—strike them down!

NEW TORTOLLAN WORLD QUESTS
A turtle made it to the water? Not on your watch.

BRAWLER'S GUILDIS BACK
There's a murder mystery afoot, and you're going to have to fight to find the
answers. Available at level 120, this series of rowdy boss fights is open once
again inBizmo's Brawlpubnear theDeeprun TraminStormwindandBrawl'gar Arenain the
Ring of ValorinOrgrimmar. Of course, Brawler’s Guild is accessible by invitation
only, so if you've never been inside, you'll need to acquire an invitation.
Enemies of the opposite faction in Zandalar and Kul Tiras now drop invitations,
and a new vendor namedA. Shadyoccasionally has them for sale in Orgrimmar and
Stormwind. Brawler's Guild has new bosses, a new questline, new transmog gear to
be won, and a new mount:Bruce (mount)! He's a good boy.

WINTERGRASPIS NOW ANEPIC BATTLEGROUND
War is rekindled in the frozen north! For the first week of this content update,
Wintergrasp is featured as a Brawl. Thereafter, you'll find Wintergrasp in the
Epic Battleground selection inGroup Finder(default hotkey: i).

NEW RAID -CRUCIBLE OF STORMS
BeneathStormsong, dark secrets of theOld Godshave been kept for ages. Beginning
the week of April 16, 2019, assemble your raid and face the fearsome servants of
N'Zothin two boss encounters:Restless CabalandUu'nat.

WARLORDS OF DRAENORTIMEWALKING
Mark your in-game calendar for the first everWarlords of DraenorTimewalking
bonus event, coming in May 2019. Two new mounts are now available:[Beastlord's
Irontusk] and[Beastlord's Warwolf] . Take a trip back in time to challenge:

 * Auchindoun
 * Bloodmaul Slag Mines
 * Everbloom
 * Iron Docks
 * Shadowmoon Burial Grounds
 * Skyreach

BATTLEGROUND UPDATES
The timelessWorld of Warcraftbattlegrounds—Arathi BasinandWarsong Gulch—have
been given a full makeover.

Check out how Arathi Basin now looks with a new Brawl:Arathi Comp Stomp. You and
other players will team up to fight against AI enemies, starting the week of
March 19 when it becomes available for the first time.

 * 
 * 
 * 

PET BATTLES
Many new, fierce little counterparts are now here to fight for you.

RAIDING WITH LEASHES VI
Wondrous new companions have been discovered in threeMists of Pandariaraids –
Mogu'shan Vaults,Terrace of Endless Spring, andHeart of Fear. Collect all eleven
mighty, tiny beings to experience happiness and to earn[Happiness] —a unique new
pet that could only come fromPandaria.

NEW MECHANICAL PARROT QUEST
Feathers (companion)theparrotis now available to add some mechanical squawk to
your collection. Speak toGazloweinZandalar HarbororKelsey SteelsparkinBoralusto
get started.

NEWPORTAL ROOMS
InStormwind'sMage QuarterandOrgrimmar'sValley of Strength, new venues are now
open where your faction has consolidated gateways to the other continents of
Azeroth,Outland, andDraenor.

 * Stormwind's new Portal Room
   
   
 * 
 * Orgrimmar's new Portal Room
   
   

HOLIDAY UPDATES
Children's Weekhas been updated with new quests, new rewards, four new pets, and
new Kul Tiran and Zandalari orphans. Other holiday additions include:

DARKMOON FAIRE
Silas Darkmoon'sislandis the perfect place for Azeroth's first rollercoaster.
For the low, low price of one[Darkmoon Ride Ticket] , you'll thrill! You'll
scream! You'll keep screaming. You can stop screaming now.

NEWMICRO-HOLIDAYS
For a for a very limited time later this year, enjoy the wonders of:

 * Luminous Luminariesin July.
 * Free T-Shirt Dayin August.
 * Wanderer's Festivalin December.

ACHIEVEMENTS
 * The new achievement[Two Sides to Every Tale] rewards those players complete
   theWar Campaignon bothAllianceandHordecharacters. Unlock two new, unique
   mounts: theIronclad Frostclaw wolffor your Alliance characters and the
   Bloodflank Chargerhorse for your Horde characters.

CHARACTERS
 * The limit on the number of characters that can be created on a realm has been
   removed. The account-wide character limit remains at 50.

CLASSES
 * [Aspect of the Turtle] ,[Dispersion] , and[Netherwalk] can now be canceled by
   pressing the button a second time, after a short delay.
 * Death Knight * Using items such astrinketsandpotionswill now cancel[Wraith Walk] .
   
   
 * Druid * [Entangling Roots] mana cost reduced by 66%.
    * [Hibernate] mana cost reduced by 60%.
    * [Incarnation: Chosen of Elune] now grants 40Astral Power.
    * Balance * [Celestial Alignment] now instantly generates 40 Astral Power.
      
      
   
   
 * Hunter * [Concussive Shot] now has an additional visual effect on the target's feet.
    * Juggernaut pets fromSiege of Orgrimmarare now able to be tamed when at or
      above level 90.
    * [Binding Shot] root duration increased to 8 seconds (was 5 seconds).
    * Beast Mastery * Barbed Shotdamage increased by 125%.
       * Barbed Shot's bleed damage now ignores the target's armor.
       * [Cobra Shot] damage increased by 25%.
      
      
    * Marksmanship * [Explosive Shot] will now blow up after 3 seconds at the target's
         location, even if the target dies while Explosive Shot is applied to
         them.
      
      
    * Survival * [Carve] (Rank 2) now reducesWildfire Bomb's cooldown starting at level
         62 (was level 28).
      
      
   
   
 * Monk * Windwalker * If your primary target of[Fists of Fury] is dead or despawns, a new
         primary target will be picked for dealing bonus damage.
       * Fury of Xuenstacking buff is now cancelled when an encounter begins.
      
      
   
   
 * Paladin * [Avenging Wrath] now causes your next[Holy Shock] ,[Light of the Protector] ,
      [Templar's Verdict] , or[Divine Storm] to critically strike.
    * [Blessing of Freedom] mana cost reduced by 53%.
    * [Blinding Light] ] mana cost reduced by 25%.
    * [Repentance] mana cost reduced by 40%.
   
   
 * Priest * [Dispel Magic] mana cost reduced by 60%.
    * [Mind Control] mana cost increased by 200%.
    * [Psychic Scream] mana cost reduced by 60%.
    * [Shackle Undead] mana cost reduced by 70%.
    * Holy * [Symbol of Hope] 's channel time reduced to 5 seconds (was 6 seconds)
         and is now affected byHaste. The amount of mana returned is unchanged.
       * Symbol of Hope can now be correctly cast while in[Spirit of Redemption]
         .
      
      
   
   
 * Rogue * Players who select the[Vigor] talent nowresurrectwith fullEnergy.
    * Outlaw * [Adrenaline Rush] now increases maximum Energy by 50 for its duration.
      
      
   
   
 * Shaman * [Purge] mana cost reduced by 50%.
    * [Earthgrab Totem] mana cost reduced by 75%.
    * Restoration * [Ascendance] now additionally causes an instantaneous heal divided over
         all nearby allies.
       * Ascendance no longer replicates healing fromSpouting Spirits(Azerite
         Trait).
       * [Earthbind Totem] now costs 400 mana (was 0 mana).
       * [High Tide] now displays a spell alert while active.
      
      
   
   
 * Warlock * Demonology * Demonic Corenow has a new spell alert graphic.
       * [Implosion] and[Power Siphon] can no longer be used if you do not have
         any Wild Imps.
       * Implosion will now show the number of your active imps on the
         button.
      
      
   
   

CREATURES
 * A few of the rarest creatures inAzerothagain can only be looted by the first
   group to engage them. This includesAeonaxx,Alani, andTime-Lost Proto Drake.

DUNGEONS
 * Credit for the[120W] Emissary of Warweekly quest now requires completion of
   all dungeon objectives (previously required only the last boss).
 * Several non-boss enemies have been removed in[Mythic Keystone] dungeons while
   Teemingis active.
 * Tormented Soulswill now try to get closer to their target before casting
   Grave Bolt.
 * Many low health creatures in dungeons will no longer trigger On Death affixes
   in Mythic Keystone Dungeons, such as theAnimated DropletsorDredged Sailorsin
   Shrine of the Storm.
 * Kings' Rest * Mythic Keystone time limit increased by 3 minutes.
    * Added a warning visual to Suppression Slam.
   
   
 * Shrine of the Storm * Mythic Keystone time limit increased by 3 minutes.
    * Shrine Templarnow create aRisen SoulwhenReapingis active.
    * Rip Mind cast time increased to 3 seconds (was 2
      seconds).
   
   
 * Siege of Boralus * Call of the Deep missile speed reduced by 40%.
   
   
 * Temple of Sethraliss * Charged Dust Devil's Lightning Bolt now respects school lockout.
    * Shrouded Fang Blade Flurrynow triggers a cooldown on spell start. Cast
      time increased to 1.5 seconds (was 1.0 seconds).
    * Cyclone Strike and Static Shock damage reduced by 25%.
    * Scaled Krolusk Rider's Noxious Breath impact damage reduced by 40%.
    * Electrified Scales damage effect now has a 0.5 second
      cooldown.
   
   
 * The MOTHERLODE * Venture Co. Alchemistsnow create a Risen Soul when Reaping is active.
   
   

ISLAND EXPEDITIONS
 * Added Island Expedition armor tokens to the[Seafarer's Dubloon] vendor for
   players leveling through islands to create gear for their item level. The
   tokens areBind on Accountso players with excess Dubloons can buy them and
   send them to their alts.
 * Updated Seafarer's Dubloon bags so that at least one will always drop from an
   Island Expedition victory. This change significantly increases the amount of
   Dubloons a player will get as they complete their weekly islands.

ITEMS
 * Krom StoutarminIronforge'sHall of ExplorersandEstelle GendryonOrgrimmar'smain
   gatenow offer newBattle-Hardened Heirloom upgrade tokensthat will allow your
   Heirlooms to scale to level 120.
 * The costs to purchase allHeirloom upgrade tokenswith gold have been reduced.
 * [Incandescent Sliver] and[Diamond-Laced Refracting Prism] trinket buffs are now
   cleared consistently on encounter, arena, and battleground start. * 
      Developers' notes: It was not our intention that these items require extra
      preparation prior to a boss pull. The Diamond-Laced Refracting Prism’s
      effect was already cleared at the start of a rated PvP match, so this
      change makes them both consistent between PvP and non-PvP encounters. We
      have increased the effect of the Sliver by 6% and the Prism by 15% to
      offset this change in behavior.
   
   
 * All Quest rewards fromClassicthrough theWarlords of Draenorexpansion now have
   a chance to upgrade up toEpicquality. * Item-levels ofRareandEpicquest rewards inClassicthroughWarlords of Draenor
      have been increased slightly in some cases.
    * Unique items that drop fromrare enemiesinClassicthroughMists of Pandaria
      content now also have a chance to upgrade in quality.
   
   
 * [Heart of Azeroth]  * Whenever the cost of reforging a piece ofAzerite armorwill be higher than
      1,000 gold, there is now an additional confirmation step.
    * Bonded Soulshealing reduced by 40%.
    * Seductive Power's Bwonsamdihas been made easier to see.
    * Death Knight * Helchainsis now only visible to the Death Knight and hostile players,
         and no longer damages totems.
       * Magus of the Deadno longer melee attacks, and will no longer have small
         delays between casting its spells.
       * Magus of the Dead's Frostbolt can now be dispelled.
      
      
    * Hunter * Beast Mastery * [Feeding Frenzy] 's tooltip damage displayed has been lowered
            commensurate withBarbed Shotnow ignoring armor. Its total effective
            damage remains unchanged.
         
         
      
      
    * Mage * Brain Stormnow activates[Rule of Threes] .
      
      
    * Monk * Windwalker * Glory of the Dawnnow also deals 35% more damage during Storm, Earth,
            and Fire.
         
         
      
      
    * Shaman * Enhancement * Roiling Stormnow causes you to gain Stormbringer every 20 seconds
            and causes your Stormbringer-empowered Stormstrikes to deal
            additional damage.
         
         
      
      
    * Restoration *  * [Ascendance] no longer replicates healing from Spouting Spirits.
         
         
      
      
    * Warlock * Demonology * Explosive Potential'sHastegranted reduced by 35%.
         
         
      
      
   
   

PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
 * Players who have earned their seasonal mount reward in rated PvP may now
   progress toward earningVicious Saddles, up to a maximum of 10 Vicious Saddles
   per season.
 * Druid * [Cyclone] mana cost reduced by 33%.
    * [Thorns] mana cost increased by 50%.
   
   
 * Hunter * [Tar Trap] will now break an enemy player out of stealth if they are the
      one to activate the trap.
   
   
 * Priest * Discipline * [Premonition] now costs 500 mana (was 0 mana).
      
      
    * Holy * Holy Word: Concentrationmana cost increased by 20%.
       * [Ray of Hope] now costs 3000 mana (was 0 mana).
      
      
   
   
 * Warlock * Destruction * [Demon Armor] now increases Armor by 150% (was 275%). * During Battle
            for Azeroth Season 1, we identified that Warlocks were taking too
            much damage from physical sources during PvP. We remedied this by
            adding a new PvP talent, Demon Armor, which increased their physical
            mitigation to match characters wearing Plate Armor. As we've been
            monitoring Season 2, we feel that the armor increase caused Warlocks
            to become too tanky in the current meta. This change effectively
            brings their physical mitigation close to that of Mail Armor (about
            36% at ilvl 415), when it was previously similar to Plate Armor
            (about 45% at ilvl 415).
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Warrior * [Sword and Board] now increases critical strike by the correct amount.
   
   

PROFESSIONS
 * Inscription * The esteemed mageEndora Mooreheadhas written a new[Technique: Glyph of
      Dalaran Brilliance] . Scribes can purchase this from her inNorthrend's
      Dalaranand create a glyph for Mages to once again update their[Arcane
      Intellect] to that taught by theKirin Tor.
   
   
 * Skinning * Skinning beasts in the Monk class hall now awardsClassicSkinning points.
   
   

REWARDS
 * Bosses inBattle of Dazar'alorandCrucible of Stormsnow drop 450Artifact Power
   (was 250).
 * Emissary questswhose primary reward isAzeritenow grant 1500 Artifact Power
   (was 1000).
 * Artifact Power rewards in the weekly[Mythic Keystone] reward cache have been
   increased by 500 AP at each level.
 * Artifact Power rewards in the weekly PvP reward cache have been increased by
   500 AP at each PvP rank (Combatant, Challenger, etc.)
 * Honorbound and 7th Legion reputation vendors now sell an account bound[Cache
   of War Resources] that can be sent to your alts.

USER INTERFACE
 * Visual improvements have been made to many PvPBattlegroundobjective trackers.
 * New Assassin and Flag Carrier nameplate badges now appear on characters in
   world PvP.
 * The difficulty level a piece ofDungeonorRaidgear fromLegionandBattle for
   Azerothcontent is now displayed when viewing items in the Appearances UI.
 * Raid Profilesnow auto-activate with group size settings as intended.

WORLD
 * Severaltransportation portalsin previousexpansioncontent have been removed.
 * Non-Raid BossTraining Dummiesin capital cities now scale with your level.

COMPANION APP
 * Added Calendar support – manage personal, community, andguildevents, and view
   upcomingholidays.
 * Added support for WoW Community and Guild chat.
 * Updated support for newWorld Quests.

BUG FIXES
 * Achievements * Fixed a bug preventing the guild achievement[Dinner Party] from properly
      tracking feasts such as[Bountiful Captain's Feast] and[Lavish Suramar
      Feast] .
    * The guild achievement[Classy Pandaren] now displays the correct guild
      reputation requirement.
   
   
 * Characters * The eating animation no longer distorts the upper part of the
      body forHighmountain TaurenDruidBears.
    * Fixed an issue that prevented the Randomize Name function from
      working correctly for newHumancharacters.
    * WorgenFemales should no longer make the kiss sound twice when they/kissor
      /blow.
    * Fixed a bug that could cause some bow-wielding players to appear
      in dressing rooms with two bows.
   
   
 * Classes * Moonglade,[Dreamwalk] , and[Zen Pilgrimage] have been rebuilt and should now
      return you to a more accurate location.
    * Death Knight * Razorice's Frost Vulnerability now only affects class abilities.
       * [Red Thirst] 's cooldown reduction now considers[Ossuary] 's cost
         reduction to[Death Strike] .
      
      
    * Demon Hunter * Fixed a bug that caused[Glide] to sometimes fail to activate.
      
      
    * Druid * Fixed a bug that caused[Innervate] to affect abilities that use
         resources other than mana.
      
      
    * Hunter * Beast Mastery Hunters no longer incorrectly resurrect with less
         than maximum focus.
      
      
    * Mage * [Arcane Linguist] now allows you to comprehend the languages of the
         Allied Races.
       * Frost * Fixed a bug causing[Frozen Orb] to deal an extra pulse of damage, and
            increased the damage of each pulse by 5%. Total damage is unchanged.
         
         
      
      
    * Monk * Fixed an issue where several abilities did not correctly apply the
         Mystic Touchdebuff.
       * Windwalker * Inner Strengthwill now correctly work when using an ability that has
            its cost modified to make it consume no Chi, such as Serenity.
          * Fixed a bug that caused some[Storm, Earth, and Fire] spirits to not
            despawn when expected.
          * Fixed several issues with Storm, Earth, and Fire clones
            not correctly applying the Mark of the Crane debuff.
          * Dance of Chi-Jinow correctly increases the damage from your Storm,
            Earth, and Fire clones.
          * Open Palm Strikeswill no longer fail to be able to generate any Chi
            if your primary target of Fists of Fury dies.
          * Pressure Pointtrait now correctly increases damage dealt by your
            Storm, Earth, and Fire clones.
          * Sunrise Techniquewill now correctly work with Storm, Earth, and Fire
            clones.
         
         
      
      
    * Paladin * [Divine Steed] no longer cancels when it interferes with collision.
      
      
    * Priest * Shadow * Fixed a bug preventing[Void Bolt] from extend[Shadow Word: Pain] or
            [Vampiric Touch] on nearby targets when Void Bolt killed the original
            target.
         
         
      
      
    * Rogue * Fixed a bug causing Rogues to sometimes remain visible and
         targetable immediately after casting Vanish.
      
      
    * Shaman * Fixed a bug that allowed Unleash Life to be cast while in[Ghost Wolf] .
       * [Reincarnation] no longer resets upon starting aProving Grounds
         challenge.
       * Earth Elemental's cooldown now correctly resets at the end of an
         encounter.
      
      
    * Warlock * Felguardno longer incorrectly gains twice the expected benefit toEnergy
         Regenerationfrom the Warlock's haste. This was thought to be previously
         fixed, but was not, and is now fixed with this update.
      
      
   
   
 * Dungeons and Raids * Failing to complete a keystone in time no longer causes
      your displayed best dungeon completed for the week to be inaccurate.
    * Battle of Dazar'alor * A number of character behavioral issues affecting
         players while transformed into the opposite faction have been fixed.
         These include fixes to Paladins'[Divine Steed] and Shadow Priests'
         language after exiting[Voidform] .
       * Opulence * Fixed a bug that caused the coin shower visual to sometimes
            persist longer than intended.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Items * Fixed a bug that caused someLegionitems to drop with a restriction of
      level 120 for use. These items should now be usable at level 110, as
      intended.
    * The[Skull of the Man'ari] should no longer appear to be smaller than
      expected alongside Gnomes and Goblins.
    * The[Renowned Guild Tabard] and[Illustrious Guild Tabard] should no longer
      sometimes appear as a standard[Guild Tabard] .
    * Many items that grant companion pets have been adjusted in rarity, to
      better match the rarity of the resultant pet. The quality of pets was not
      changed.
    * Fixed a bug that was preventing several bosses from correctly
      dropping hard mode loot inUlduar.
    * A number of unique items are no longer mailed to you when they drop
      subsequent to you first receiving them.
    * Fixed a bug that caused some Azerite powers to not function correctly
      following a gear swap.
   
   
 * Player versus Player * Fixed a bug that prevented some guard posts from
      spawning guards when players attacked nearby.
    * A loss in rated PvP should no longer trigger a bonus
      roll.
    * Alterac Valley * Players who interact with theAltar of SummoningorCircle of Callingno
         longer prevent other characters from summoningLokholarorIvus.
      
      
    * Cooking Impossible * Mounting up while Carrying Turnips should no longer
         place the player's camera inside the Ripe Turnip.
      
      
   
   
 * Professions * Enchanting * Fixed a bug where it was possible to lose materials if you
         began disenchanting while another item was being disenchanted, with
         auto loot disabled.
      
      
    * Fishing * Fixed a bug preventing some Horde characters from being able to
         fish in theirGarrison.
       * Fixed an area of fishable water in theStormwindValley of Heroesthat was
         returning an error.
       * Fixed severalAzerite poolsthat were unintentionally fishable.
      
      
   
   
 * Quests * Fixed a bug with theJade Forestassault onGarroshar Pointthat caused severe
      performance drops during the sequence withAdmiral Rogers.
    * Fixed a bug that caused some players to be unable to see their
      character after completing "[110 - 120] Ale Intent".
    * Players should now retain progress on "[120WQ] Unaccounted For" if they
      leave the area.
    * Players no longer experience lag or input lag when playing through "Hold
      the Ridge".
    * Pinky is now always hostile when appropriate during "[110 - 120] How to
      Train Your Direhorn".
    * Fixed a bug that caused some quest enemies to evade unintentionally.
   
   
 * World * Fixed an issue that could cause low framerates inCorlain Aviary.
   
   

NEW ZONE: NAZJATAR
During a high-stakes chase across the seas, theAllianceand theHordeare waylaid
by an ancient enemy who's been lurking beneath the depths:Queen Azsharaand her
fearsomenagaarmy. The naval forces of both factions are destroyed in the ambush,
and the survivors find themselves stranded in the ancient naga domain ofNazjatar
.

Soon after they arrive in Nazjatar, Alliance heroes will come upon a new faction
of deep-sea warriors, theWaveblade Ankoan, while Horde heroes will meet the
Unshackled, a group of races who have escaped the naga's clutches. Both sides
offer champions who offer their services as combat allies and grow in power over
time as players prepare for their epic confrontation with Queen Azshara.

Adventurers who are level 120 and have unlockedBattle for AzerothWorld Quests,
completing the quest "[120] Uniting Kul Tiras" or "[120] Uniting Zandalar," will
receive a summon from eitherGenn GreymaneorNathanos Blightcaller, kicking off
the events that bring them to Nazjatar.

BENTHIC GEAR
Increase your power withBenthic gear, new upgradable armor that can now be
collected in Nazjatar. As you explore Nazjatar, you'll collectPrismatic
Manapearls—a soulbound currency that can be spent on Benthic tokens and
upgrades. These bind-to-account tokens can be used to gain a piece of upgradable
Benthic gear specific to your armor type (cloth, leather, mail, plate), starting
at item level 385. With enough time and effort, players can dedicate their
hard-earned Manapearls to upgrade pieces to ilvl 425, just shy of Heroic-level
raid gear (ilvl 430). Harnessing the power of the sea, each piece of Benthic
gear boasts a thematic bonus that activates in Nazjatar and the upcoming
Azshara's Eternal Palace raid. These bonuses might provide effects that boost
your damage, slow down your foes, or even increase your mount speed while
adventuring through this perilous region. Put together pieces to create a
powerful set for combat, collect a set optimized for exploration, or mix and
match to have the best from both worlds.

PRISMATIC MANAPEARLS
Defeating powerful enemies, completing quests, and plundering the treasures of
Azshara's minions may yieldPrismatic Manapearls, concentrations of magical
energy highly prized by Nazjatar's denizens. Spend this new currency on many
different items within Nazjatar including Benthic tokens and upgrades for
Benthic gear, pets, and a mount. Earn Prismatic Manapearls by completing a
variety of activities such as World Quests and daily quests, looting treasure
chests, and slaying rare enemies.

NEW ZONE: MECHAGON ISLAND
Legends speak of a place off the craggy coast ofKul Tiraswhose denizens have
replaced blood and bones with bolts and brass:Mechagon, home of a society of
mechanically augmented gnomes and their iron-fisted rulerKing Mechagon. Heroes
who arrive upon Mechagon's shores will soon meetPrince Erazminand theRustbolt
Resistance, and after completing a series of new faction-based quests, they'll
join their fight to overthrow Erazmin's tyrannical father and put an end to his
mad designs.

Players can rise in power and earn the trust of their new allies by
participating in new daily quests and other activities unique to Mechagon. These
include collaborative Construction Projects that allow players to contribute
resources to create a variety of powerful constructs, including experimental
weapons, flame turrets, a drill rig that can uncover a cave full of treasures,
and more.

After establishing a hub in Nazjatar and empowering their[Heart of Azeroth] ,
players will make their way to Mechagon by starting the quest "[120] The Legend
of Mechagon," which can be accepted by Alliance players inBoralusand Horde
players inDazar'alornear each city's respectiveFlight Masters.

JUNKYARD TINKERING
As they traverse the zone, players will have access toPascal-K1N6, a giant iron
robot who will help players craft equipment, mounts, toys, consumables, and more
in exchange for Spare Parts and Energy Cells found across Mechagon. Recipes to
craft more items can be found around the island.

POCKET-SIZED COMPUTATION DEVICE
The[Pocket-Sized Computation Device] is a trinket that players can customize via
three Punchcard Sockets, into which players can insert one Red, Yellow, and Blue
Punch Card. Punch Cards can be collected by questing, exploring the Mechagon
zone, and advancing through the new Mythic-only dungeon Operation: Mechagon.
Players will receive their Pocket-Sized Computation Device after completing the
"[120] Upgraded" quest, available shortly after landing in Mechagon.

NEW RAID: AZSHARA'S ETERNAL PALACE
Battle against Nazjatar's worthiest champions, face down unfathomable
monstrosities from the deep, and confront the legendary Queen Azshara herself in
this sprawling 8-boss raid.

Learn more about the bosses guarding Azshara's Eternal Palacehere.

Azshara's Eternal Palace Normal and Heroic difficulties will open on July 9, two
weeks after Rise of Azshara goes live on June 25. Raid Finder Wing One and
Mythic will open the following week on July 16.

NEW DUNGEON: OPERATION: MECHAGON
Level 120 players will unite with Prince Erazmin and the Rustbolt Resistance to
help overthrow his deranged father and destroy his Mechoriginator doomsday
device in this new 8-boss "mega-dungeon." This Mythic-only instance will be open
to players after they complete new faction-based quests for the Rustbolt
Resistance. Great rewards await you in Mechagon, but bear in mind that
gnome-crafted loot might have some surprising properties...

Operation: Mechagonwill open to players at the start of Season 3, July 9, after
accepting the quest "Operation: Mechagon – The Mechoriginator."

HEART OF AZEROTH SYSTEM UPDATE: ESSENCES
Infuse the might of theTitansinto your[Heart of Azeroth] withEssences. These
powerful active and passive abilities allow you to customize your playstyle in a
whole new way. Each Essence possesses a Major Power (usually a new active
ability) and a Minor Power (which is always passive). The Heart of Azeroth has
slots for one Major and two Minor Essences. Place an Essence in the Major slot
to activate both its Major and Minor Powers, and place up to two in the Minor
slots to activate their Minor Powers. Adapt to conquer any situation by applying
or swapping them out within rest areas, cities, or when using items such as the
Tome of Quiet Mind.

Grow in power each time you unlock one of four ranks for your Essence. At Rank
1, an Essence's Major and Minor effects are available, while Rank 2 and Rank 3
enhance those Major and Minor effects. Rank 4 adds a flashier cosmetic effect to
an Essence's Major Power, providing a distinctive appearance that will make its
wielder stand out from the crowd. Earn Essences by completing specific
activities, including PvP, raiding, or engaging inWorld Quests. Some Essences
are specific to arole(damage dealer,tank, orhealer), and some are usable by any
role. After acquiring an Essence, you'll be able to hover your mouse over the
Essence in the user interface to see information about the next rank and how to
acquire it.

Players will need to complete a new quest line to unlock theHeart Forgebefore
infusing Essences into the Heart of Azeroth. This will unlock the Major slot,
and will reward them with their first Essence. The two Minor slots will unlock
at Heart of Azeroth levels 55 and 65 respectively. Players with a Heart of
Azeroth below level 35 will have it raised to level 35 upon unlocking the Heart
Forge.

Level 120 players who have established their new hub in Nazjatar will be invited
to joinMagniat theChamber of HeartinSilithusto start the new quest line to
unlock theHeart Forge, beginning with the quest "[120] Essential Empowerment."

MOUNT EQUIPMENT
Have you ever wished that your favorite mount could carry you across the water
without sinking? Give most of your mounts more speed, daze prevention, a
parachute, or water walking with mount equipment! Upon reaching level 100 on one
character, a newmount equipmentslot will become available in the Mounts
interface on all characters. Mount equipment can be crafted byEnchanters,Tailors
, andLeatherworkersand can be listed in theAuction Houseor purchased directly
from the artisans themselves. Players that already haveWater Strider mounts
should check their mailbox for one free piece of water-walking mount equipment.

Note that mounts do not benefit from mount equipment inbattlegroundsorArenasand
that some do not benefit from mount equipment at all such as the[Sky Golem] .

NEW QUESTS
A host of new stories and adventures are now available acrossAzeroth.

MAGNI BRONZEBEARD
Mysterious magics have awakened across Azeroth. Among them are the essences of
the five dragonflights, which Magni Bronzebeard suspects can unlock the full
potential of the Heart of Azeroth. Level 120 players should heed Magni's call to
continue the story and earn their first Essence, which grants a new, powerful
ability tailored to their character's role (damage dealer, healer, or tank) or
all roles.

WAR CAMPAIGN: STAY OF EXECUTION
Upon learning ofSylvanas's plans to executeBaine Bloodhooffor treason, the
Alliance and the Horde send strike teams to infiltrate theKor'kron Barracksand
rescue the noble tauren chieftain—meeting up with anold orcish allyalong the
way.

The latest episode of theWar Campaignis available to level 120 players who have
completed the previous chapters and finished the quest "Clearing out the Cache."
Speak toLady Jaina ProudmooreorLor'themarin Nazjatar to begin this perilous
mission.

NEW HERITAGE ARMOR: GNOMES AND TAUREN
Delve deeper into the lore of the gnomes and the tauren and unlockHeritage Armor
that reflects their legacies. Level 120 tauren or gnome players who are Exalted
with their faction (GnomereganorThunder Bluffrespectively) will be able to
embark on a quest line that explores their race's history. Once completed,
players will gain a new Heritage Armor transmogrification set usable by all
their characters of the same race.

Eligible gnomes and tauren can begin the quest by speaking with their race's
ambassador in their faction's Embassy inStormwindorOrgrimmar. Those seeking the
tauren Heritage Armor will additionally to be tasked with freeing Baine in the
War Campaign quest "[120] Stay of Execution" (on any character on their account)
before beginning their quest line.

NEW EPIC BATTLEGROUND: ASHRAN
Once home to a mighty ogre empire, the ruins ofAshranhold ancient artifacts
infused with great power that could turn the tide of war. Return toDraenorand
fight on familiar turf in a brand-new 40v40 Epic Battleground: Ashran.

Starting at level 100, players can clash with the enemy faction on the main road
of Ashran, carving a warpath into the enemy's stronghold. After either slaying
700 enemy reinforcements or successfully invading the stronghold, players will
come together to bring down the enemy faction leader—the Alliance'sGrand Marshal
Trembladeor the Horde'sHigh Warlord Volrath. CollectAncient Artifacts,Artifact
Fragments, Class Spellbooks, and other items to improve your chances of victory.
Gathering Artifact Fragments from fallen foes will allow you to summon elite
allies,FangraalandKronus, to lead your faction's charge into battle.

Players will find and be able to queue for Ashran in theEpic Battlegroundsection
of theGroup Finder(default hotkey: i).

NEW ISLAND EXPEDITIONS
Set sail and discover two new Islands:CrestfallandSnowblossom Village. New loot
including armor, weapons, and pets awaits players, but beware: you're not alone.
Faction rivals will want to hoard the spoils for themselves. Take them down!

NEW MISSIONS AND MECHANICS
NEW MISSIONS AND TROOPS
As you take the fight to the seas, your loyal followers will be with you every
step of the way. You can now enlist Boat Captains and other skilled seafarers to
fight your battles.

EVENT AND HOLIDAY MISSIONS
Send out your followers to embark on new holiday- and event-themed missions.
Spoils will include special currencies to spend during holidays and events,
including Brewfest and Timewalking, along with rewards that are only available
during those periods.

FLYING IN KUL TIRAS AND ZANDALAR
The once-forbidden skies ofKul TirasandZandalarwill soon be open to heroes eager
to take flight. The achievement[Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part Two] will
allow daring adventurers to take to the skies in Battle for Azeroth's zones,
including in the new ones, Mechagon and Nazjatar. Hardy adventurers will need to
earnReveredreputation with theRustbolt Resistanceand with their new Nazjatar
allies (The Waveblade AnkoanorThe Unshackled), explore Mechagon and Nazjatar,
and complete the first part of the meta-achievement,[Battle for Azeroth
Pathfinder, Part One] .

Adventurers who complete these requirements and unlock flying will also be
rewarded with a mechanical parrot mount: Wonderwing 2.0.

MOUNTS
Ride through Nazjatar and Mechagon in style as you collect several new aquatic-
and mechanical-inspired mounts. Six of them are listed below, but there are even
more waiting to be discovered!

AZSHARI BLOATRAY
Raised in captivity, these yellow aquatic creatures' gas organs are harvested by
the naga to allow them to breathe air more easily. Players will rescue one to
use as their personal mount after earning the achievement Glory of the Palace
Raider.

[CRIMSON TIDESTALLION]
These blood-red, spirited creatures gracefully flit through the water, carrying
heroes swiftly through the sea. Crimson Tidestallions can be purchased from
Murloc Trader Mrrl in Nazjatar in exchange for several eclectic items after
completing the quest "A Safer Place."

ROYAL SNAPDRAGON
Fierce and loyal companions, blue Royal Snapdragons are snatched from the wild
at a young age and raised to serve naga hunters. Claim your own by vanquishing
high-ranking naga in Nazjatar.

X-995 MECHANOCAT
Crafted through Junkyard Tinkering, these robotic cats can be painted a variety
of colors, which players can collect during their adventures in Mechagon.

[SCRAPFORGED MECHASPIDER]
Planet-conscious players who complete the quests given by Recycler Kerchunk in
Rustbolt will be rewarded with this mount.

MECHACYCLE MODEL W
This mechanical marvel is the pinnacle of supercharged street performance in
mechagnome travel. Boasting the best in aerodynamic performance, this gorgeous
wheel will be gifted to players who complete the achievement Mecha-Done.

PET BATTLES
A new challenge awaits your army of fierce little companions in Rise of Azshara.

PET BATTLE DUNGEON: STRATHOLME
It's time to marshal your menagerie and put your best battle pets forward within
the halls of Stratholme, a new Pet Battle Dungeon with Normal and Challenge
difficulties. Those who prove themselves to be the very best will earn an
Ultimate Battle-Training Stone after defeating the dungeon on Normal difficulty.
Completing it on Challenge difficulty will grant the achievement Pet Battle
Challenge: Stratholme along with the Minimancer pet. To get started on your
journey, you'll need to have earned the achievement All Growns Up! (have one
level-25 pet) for Normal difficulty or Pro Pet Group (have 15 level-25 pets) for
Challenge difficulty. Seek out Tizzy Gearjolt in Boralus or Radek Fuselock in
Dazar'alor to get started.

TRANSMOGRIFICATION UPDATES
Players can now make all armor slots hidden, except Legs. Let's keep it classy.

Additionally, several items are now eligible for transmogrification, including
[Cookie's Tenderizer] ,[Direbrew's Shanker] , and[Nat's Hat] .

BREWFEST UPDATE
Get ready to crack open a cold one with friends new and old during our revamped
Brewfest! Sample brews across Azeroth and beyond with representatives of every
playable race, including your newest Kul Tiran and Zandalari allies. Brawl with
alementals, Dark Iron dwarves, and cheeky hozen to keep the peace during the
booziest time of year. Prove just how gutsy you are by entering the Brewfest
Chowdown sausage-eating contest or playing other mini-games to win spectacular
prizes, including a[Bottomless Brewfest Stein] ,[Garland of Grain] ,[Tabard of
Brew] ,[Brewfest Chowdown Trophy] , or the[Brewfest Reveler's Hearthstone] .

BRAWLER'S GUILD
 * The Strange Thing encounter is now easier to defeat.

CLASSES
 * Death Knight * Frost * [Runic Empowerment] has a 2% chance to proc per Runic Power spent (was
         1.5%).
       * [Icecap] now reduces[Pillar of Frost] cooldown by 2 seconds (was 1
         second).
       * [Frost Fever] 's chance to generate Runic Power increased to 30%. * 
            Chance now diminishes on targets beyond the first.
         
         
       * [Frost Strike] damage increased by 15%.
       * [Breath of Sindragosa] damage reduced by 10%.
       * Breath of Sindragosa now generates 2 Runes when cast, and another
         2 when the effect expires.
       * Breath of Sindragosa costs 16 Runic Power per second (up from 15). * 
            Developers' notes: Frost was starved of resources too often,
            especially when using Breath of Sindragosa. This increases Frosts'
            Rune income baseline and includes a further change that returns many
            extra Runes while using Breath of Sindragosa. Breath builds will now
            be able to fill more global cooldowns with casts of[Obliterate] to
            make up for the lostFrost Strikes. The cost of Breath itself is
            increased to keep its overall duration roughly unchanged.
         
         
      
      
    * Unholy * [Festering Strike] ,[Scourge Strike] ,[Festering Wound] ,[Death Coil] , and
         [Clawing Shadows] damage increased by 15%.
       * [Army of the Dead] 's Ghoul damage increased by 6%. * Developers' notes:
            Previously, a bug allowed Army of the Dead Ghouls' Energy to benefit
            doubly from Haste. To compensate for the effects of the bug fix,
            we've increased their damage to keep it consistent.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Demon Hunter * Havoc * [Mastery: Demonic Presence] damage bonus increased by 20%.
       * [Chaos Strike] andTrail of Ruindamage reduced by 4%. * Developer's
            notes: Previously Mastery was relatively weak when compared to other
            secondary stats. By increasing Mastery's effect for Havoc, it should
            now be a more desirable stat on gear. To balance this upcoming power
            increase, we've slightly reduced the damage output of Chaos Strike
            and Trial of Ruin.
         
         
      
      
    * Vengeance * [Demonic Wards] damage reduction increased to 15% (was 10%).
       * Demonic Wards armor bonus increased to 100% (was 80%).
       * [Demon Spikes] armor reduced to 60% of Agility (was 85%).
       * [Soul Cleave] damage increased by 40%. * Developers' notes: More so than
            other tanks, Vengeance Demon Hunters are currently dealing with the
            problem of low mitigation when their active mitigation is down.
            These changes provide a substantial increase to physical mitigation
            when Demon Spikes is down, and a neutral-to-very-slight increase
            when Demon Spikes is active. The changes also provide some overall
            passive reduction to magic damage. Overall, the amount of sustained
            damage Vengeance takes will be lower, and the periods of
            vulnerability outside of Demon Spikes should be less dramatic.
         
         
      
      
    * Metamorphosis * Health bonus is now 50% (was 30%).
       * [Shear] now generates 20 additional Pain and 1 additional Lesser Soul
         Fragment (was: generates 7 Pain per second). * Developers' notes: This
            significantly increases the health bonus, damage mitigation, and
            self-healing potential of Metamorphosis, as well as the health
            buffer, making it a more reliable major cooldown against all types
            of damage.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Druid * [Soothe] ,[Remove Corruption] ,[Moonfire] , and[Rebirth] are no longer
      castable inCator[Bear Form] by default.
    * Feral Druids now have a passive ability learned at level 22 that
      allows Remove Corruption and Soothe to be cast in Cat Form.
    * Guardian Druids now have a passive ability learned at level 10 that
      allows Soothe, Remove Corruption, Moonfire, and Rebirth to be cast in Bear
      Form. * Developers' notes: Guardian Druid is limited in its practical
         ability to use some utility abilities while tanking, and we're
         loosening that restriction by allowing Remove Corruption in Bear Form.
         We're also cleaning up Druid shapeshifting rules slightly: the use of
         magical-themed spells in beast forms is allowed by passive upgrades
         given to Guardian and Feral specializations specifically. This
         represents their special mastery of their "home" form that allows for
         limited spellcasting, and from a gameplay perspective, this allows
         Feral and Guardian Druids to use spells in-form when there is a strong
         practical need. At the same time, in situations where there is no
         fantasy justification or gameplay need, it makes sense for spellcasting
         to be more restricted. For example, non–Guardian Druids can no longer
         cast Moonfire in Bear Form.
      
      
    * Guardian * [Ironfur] now has a maximum of 8 stacks.
       * Ironfur and[Maul] now cost 40 Rage (was 45).
       * [Mangle] now generates 10 Rage (was 8). * Developers' notes: Ironfur is
            intended to be maintainable with high uptime (up to 100%) and have
            some overlaps on top of that. Currently, depending on talent
            configuration, Druids may only be able to barely maintain full
            uptime on Ironfur. Making Ironfur much more available should allow
            better control over timing and overlaps, as well as improving
            Guardian mitigation overall.
         
         
       * Shifting to[Bear Form] now gives 25 Rage (was 20). * Developers' notes:
            It should now be much easier to get the first Ironfur activated
            promptly after engaging an enemy, due to the increased starting Rage
            and lower cost.
         
         
       * Mangle and[Thrash] direct damage increased by 15%.
       * [Frenzied Regeneration] (Rank 3) is learned at level 85.
       * Frenzied Regeneration's healing has been increased by 33%.
      
      
    * Restoration * Casting[Overgrowth] while[Soul of the Forest] is active will now increase
         the healing of Overgrowth's[Rejuvenation] , instead of its[Regrowth] heal
         over time effect.
      
      
   
   
 * Hunter * Horridonis now tamable by Hunters of any specialization.
    * Beast Mastery * Barbed Shotdamage is now affected by[Bestial Wrath] .
       * Barbed Shot damage reduced by 10%.
       * Oondastais now tamable by Beast Mastery Hunters. * Developers' notes:
            We are fixing a bug that caused Bestial Wrath to not affect Barbed
            Shot damage, and lowering the base damage of Barbed Shot to keep
            overall damage roughly unchanged.
         
         
      
      
    * Survival * Mastery: Spirit Bonddamage bonus increased by 20%. * Developers' notes:
            Previously Mastery was relatively weak when compared to other
            secondary stats. By increasing the power of Mastery's effect for
            Survival, it should now be a more desirable stat on gear.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Mage * Frost * [Mastery: Icicles] damage bonus increased by 15%.
       * [Glacial Spike] base damage reduced by 7%. * Developers' notes:
            Previously Mastery was relatively weak when compared to other
            secondary stats. By increasing Mastery's effect for Frost, it should
            now be a more desirable stat on gear. To balance this upcoming power
            increase, we've slightly reduced the damage output of Glacial Spike.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Priest * Shadow * [Auspicious Spirits] now increasesShadowy Apparitiondamage by 50%.
       * [Shadow Word: Pain] damage reduced by 9%.
       * [Vampiric Touch] damage reduced by 9%. * We believe damage-over-time
            specializations that maintain a variety of DoT spells should in
            general output more damage in encounters with multiple targets than
            single-target oriented specializations. In addition to measuring
            class specializations against others, we must also balance them
            across the entire spectrum of content. Due to the types of
            encounters in Tides of Vengeance, Shadow Priests were especially
            strong in some contexts and correspondingly weak in very few
            situations when compared to similar DoT specializations. As such,
            we're slightly pulling back on the abilities that proc Shadowy
            Apparition, which is the prominent contributor of making Shadow
            Priests significantly stronger than similar counterparts.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Rogue * Outlaw * Keep Your Wits About You(Azerite Trait) now stacks once per instance of
         [Blade Flurry] dealing damage (was once for every target Blade Flurry
         hits). Each stack now provides 5%[Sinister Strike] chance (was 2%). * 
            Developers' notes: In very large packs of enemies, especially in
            dungeons, Keep Your Wits About You provides much more damage than
            one copy of one Azerite Trait was intended to provide. With this
            change, you'll still feel this trait accelerate as you build stacks,
            but the size of the group that you're fighting won't affect how much
            damage the trait is giving you. This will be a damage increase
            against two targets, and a damage reduction against 3 or more
            targets.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Shaman * Enhancement * The Molten Weapon buff from theElemental Spiritstalent now only
         modifies the Fire damage of your class abilities, instead of modifying
         all Fire damage dealt. * Developers' notes: With the addition of the
            new Azerite Essences in the Rise of Azshara content update, many of
            which deal Fire damage, we did not want to make this talent feel
            mandatory. Prior to this change, the Molten Weapon buff from the
            fiery Spirit Wolf would have increased the damage dealt by several
            Azerite Essences. The buff effects from Elemental Spirits talent are
            intended to increase your class abilities, and still will after this
            change.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Warrior * Arms * [Execute] ,[Mortal Strike] ,[Rend] , and[Slam] damage increased by 6%.
       * [Mastery: Deep Wounds] damage bonus increased by 12%. * Developers'
            notes: Previously Mastery was relatively weak when compared to other
            secondary stats. By increasing the power of Mastery's effect for
            Arms, it should now be a more desirable stat on gear.
         
         
      
      
    * Protection * Unstoppable Force[Thunder Clap] damage reduced to 30% (was 100%). * 
            Developers' notes: Protection Warrior burst DPS with Avatar is
            extremely high for a tank. This talent was adding more damage than
            necessary, given that it also decreases Thunder Clap's cooldown and
            synergizes well with certain Azerite traits.
         
         
      
      
   
   

DUNGEONS AND RAIDS
ARTIFACT POWER
Several Mythic Keystone dungeons now award different amounts of Artifact Power
based on their length.

 * Siege of Boralus, Temple of Sethraliss, The Motherlode!!, Tol Dagor, and
   Waycrest Manor AP rewards have increased by 30%.
 * King's Rest and Shrine of the Storm AP rewards have increased by 60%.

Completing Mythic Keystone dungeons at +11 difficulty now reward players with
increased AP, with +12 and above increasing that amount by an additional 20 AP
per level (was 10).

 * Atal'Dazar, Freehold, and Underrot completed at +11 difficulty or greater now
   award 420 AP (was 290 AP).
 * Siege of Boralus, Temple of Sethraliss, The Motherlode!!, Tol Dagor, and
   Waycrest Manor completed at +11 difficulty or higher now award 540 AP (was
   290 AP).
 * King's Rest and Shrine of the Storm completed at +11 difficulty or higher now
   award 660 AP (was 290 AP).

MYTHIC KEYSTONE DUNGEON UPDATES
 * Freehold * Reduced dungeon completion timer to 33 minutes (was 36 minutes).
   
   
 * King's Rest * Enemy Forces requirements increased by 10%.
    * Increased the Enemy Forces contribution of Animated Guardian.
   
   
 * Shrine of the Storm * Enemy Forces requirements increased by 5%.
    * Increased the Enemy Forces contribution granted by
      eliminating several non-boss enemies (Deepsea Ritualist, Windspeaker
      Heldis, Runecarver Skorn, Guardian Elemental, Living Current, Abyssal
      Eel).
   
   
 * Tol Dagor * Enemy Forces requirements increased by 15%.
    * Heavy Cannons now start with 100 Energy and Canon Blast costs 20
      energy.
   
   
 * Waycrest Manor * Enemy Forces requirements increased by 5%.
    * Increased the Enemy Forces contribution of Matron Alma.
   
   

HELLFIRE CITADEL
 * Hellfire Assault * The damage that Hellfire Reinforcements and Felfire-Imbued
      Siege Vehicles inflict to the Hellfire Cannons has been massively reduced
      for characters with a level of 104 or greater on all raid difficulties.
    * The number of Felfire Munitions required to defeat the
      encounter has been reduced to 5 for characters with a level of 104 or
      greater on all raid difficulties.
   
   

ISLAND EXPEDITIONS UPDATES
 * Some powerful consumable items such as the Demolisher and Siege Engine have
   returned to PvP Island Expeditions. These items can now be collected,
   repaired, and fought over throughout the island.
 * The rotating Seafarer's Dubloon vendors who previously sold these consumables
   now have new items to offer.

ITEMS AND REWARDS
 * Artifact Power * Azerite values have been adjusted to allow players to get
      more of their total Artifact Power from the below sources. * Dungeons * Mythic Keystone Dungeon Weekly Cache now rewards 3800 AP
            (was 1900).
         
         
       * Island
         Expeditions * Heroic Island End-of-match now rewards 300 AP (was 225
            AP).
          * Mythic and PvP Island End-of-match now rewards 450 AP
            (was 350 AP).
          * Island Weekly Quest now rewards 3500 AP (was 2500 AP).
         
         
       * Player versus
         Player * First Win of the Day Bonus now rewards 100% more AP.
          * 2v2 Arena now rewards 240 AP (was 120 AP).
          * 3v3 Arena now rewards 300 AP (was 150 AP).
          * Unrated Battlegrounds now rewards 300 AP (was 150 AP).
          * Epic Battlegrounds now rewards 600 AP (was 300 AP).
          * Rated Battlegrounds now rewards 1050 AP (was 525 AP).
          * Against Overwhelming Odds now rewards 2000 AP (was 1000 AP).
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Gear Scaling * Most item effects that deal damage or healing now scale based
      off of a character's secondary stat (was primary stat). * Developers'
         note: We made some under-the-hood changes to how item effects that deal
         damage, healing, and shielding scale with item level. The net effect of
         these changes is that almost all items like this in Battle for Azeroth
         are now moderately stronger. The difference is greater the higher the
         item level of the item. This includes items from Battle for Azeroth
         dungeons, raids, and PvP rewards.
      
      
   
   
 * Heart of Azeroth * The Personal Absorb-O-Tron Azerite Trait will now absorb
      50% of damage taken over 20 seconds (was 100%). The total amount of damage
      absorbed by this trait remains unchanged.
    * Paladin * Holy * Developers' note: This build has gotten far enough ahead of
            other Holy Paladin options, as well as other healers in some cases,
            that we're paring it back while leaving the gameplay generally
            unchanged.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Players in Nazjatar can now ride underwater mounts on land with Budding
   Deepcoral.
 * A Tiny Clockwork Key allows Pepe to sometimes dress up as mechanical bird.
 * Some heirlooms have been renamed to be more faction-specific. * Bolstering
      War Horn has been renamed to Dwarven War Horn (Alliance) and Orcish War
      Horn (Horde).
    * Bolstering
      War Horn has been renamed to Dwarven War Horn (Alliance) and Orcish War
      Horn (Horde).
    * Cloak of
      Hardened Steel has been renamed to Banded Gilnean Cloak (Alliance) and
      Stone Guard's Bladed Cloak (Horde).
    * Dusk Powder
      has been renamed to Kaldorei Powder of Twilight (Alliance) and
      Deathstalker's Gloaming Powder (Horde).
    * Enchanted
      Scroll has been renamed to Tidesage's Warscroll (Alliance) and Loa-Touched
      Warscroll (Horde).
   
   

LEVELING
 * Players who manually group with a player that hasturned off experience gains
   will now receive 95% less experience. * Developers' note: This change does
      not impact players who find themselves automatically grouped by
      matchmaking for activities like Group Finder dungeons or Island
      Expeditions.
   
   

PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
 * Arena * Tiger's Peak has finished repairs and is once again available as an
      Arena map.
    * Team colors have been changed from gold and green to gold and purple.
   
   
 * Battlegrounds * Alterac Valley * UI now tracks progress for summoning Lokholar the Ice
         Lord and Ivus the Forest Lord.
       * Two seasonal quests have been added to Alterac Valley.
         These quests, similar to the ones offered in Wintergrasp, will reset
         and are repeatable each season.
      
      
    * Seething Shore * When the battleground begins, the same three nodes will
         always be in the first wave (Ridge, Ruins, and Tar Pits).
       * Players who use the jetpack's Thrust ability while
         airborne now travel further.
      
      
   
   
 * Enlistment Bonus * Now rewards 50% more Azerite Power for participating in
      Random Battlegrounds and Epic Battlegrounds. * Developers' note:
         Battleground queue times become exceedingly long when one faction has
         more people queuing than the other. When queue times exceed a certain
         threshold, Mercenary Mode becomes available for the faction with long
         queue times and the Enlistment Bonus becomes available for the less
         represented faction. Now, the Enlistment Bonus will increase the amount
         of Azerite Power from Random Battlegrounds and Random Epic
         Battlegrounds by 50%.
      
      
   
   
 * Items * Void Stone's absorption ability has been reduced by 30% for healers
      and 60% for non-healers in PvP.
    * Diamond-Laced Refracting Prism personal absorption shield has been
      reduced by 30% for tank specializations and 60% for non-tank
      specializations in PvP.
    * Abyssal Speaker's Gauntlets absorption shield is now reduced by 80%
      in PvP (was 66%).
    * Trident of the Deep Ocean absorption shield is now reduced by 75% in
      PvP (was 50%).
    * Mindthief's Eldritch Clasp healing and self-damage effect is now
      reduced by 50% in PvP. * Developers' note: Several Crucible of Storms raid
         items had a significant impact on the PvP meta in Season 2. We believe
         that raid items in PvP can be a meaningful source of gameplay variety
         that contribute to each season feeling a bit different than ones before
         it. Due to the nature of our PvP scaling system, which helps make PvP
         more accessible for more players, means the effects of these items will
         remain relevant longer than we'd like. Therefore, we're reducing the
         effectiveness of these items in the new patch so players can feel good
         about transitioning to new items they acquire in Season 3.
      
      
    * Horde and Alliance Glider Kits now have a prideful new look.
    * All racial abilities that share a cooldown with Honorable Medallion
      now only display corresponding information when the talent is selected.
   
   
 * Death Knight * Frost * Chill Streak no longer deals damage based on the target's (or
         caster's) maximum health.
       * Chill Streak now deals an additional percent of Attack Power per
         bounce to applicable targets (up to 9%).
       * Chill Streak no longer adheres to the maximum health percentage
         PvP talent restrictions.
       * Chill Streak can now critical strike, scale with your increased
         damage modifications (e.g. Mastery), and benefit from damage taken
         debuffs applied on the target. * Developers' note: We're changing Chill
            Streak from damage based on the target's maximum health to one based
            on the Death Knight's attack power. This has the effect of dealing
            damage more equally against targets of any health range.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Druid * Restoration * Casting Overgrowth while Soul of the Forest is active will
         now increase the healing of Overgrowth's Rejuvenation, instead of its
         Regrowth heal over time effect. * Developers' notes: Overgrowth applies
            both Rejuvenation and Regrowth's heal over time effect, but Soul of
            the Forest will only effect one of them. We're adjust the
            interaction of these two spells to more accurately match players
            expectations of their synergy.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Monk * Brewmaster * Hot Trub now splits its damage among all enemies hit.
      
      
   
   
 * Paladin * Protection * Unbound Freedom now grants its caster Blessing of Freedom
         when cast on a different target.
       * Unbound Freedom now prevents Blessing of Freedom from being
         dispelled when cast on the same target. * Developers' note: Unbound
            Freedom is an underperforming talent that leans into a Paladin's
            core strength of enabling their allies. By applying the benefit of
            Blessing of Freedom to the casting Paladin as well as their
            teammate, the spell becomes a powerful tool against enemy teams that
            rely on movement-impairing effects and control.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Retribution * Unbound Freedom now grants the Paladin Blessing of Freedom when
      it is cast on another target.
    * Unbound Freedom now prevents Blessing of Freedom from being
      dispelled when cast on the same target. * Developers' note: Unbound
         Freedom is an underperforming talent that leans into a Paladin's core
         strength of enabling their allies. By applying the benefit of Blessing
         of Freedom to the casting Paladin as well as their teammate, the spell
         becomes a powerful tool against enemy teams that rely on
         movement-impairing effects and control.
      
      
   
   
 * Priest * Discipline * Mana regeneration is now reduced by 40% in PvP (was 45%).
       * Dome of Light reduces the cooldown of Power Word: Barrier by
         90 seconds (was 60 seconds).
       * Dome of Light reduces damage taken by an additional 25% (was
         45%).
       * Premonition now heals up to four friendly targets with your
         Atonement active (was all nearby friendly targets).
       * Premonition's heal radius increased to 40 yards (was 30
         yards).
       * Premonition now heals for 55% spell power (was 75% spell
         power).
       * Premonition now damages you for 35% spell power (was 46%
         spell power).
       * Premonition increases the duration of your Atonements on
         targets healed by 3 seconds.
       * Trinity now increases the healing transfer of atonement by
         20% (was 12%).
       * Ultimate Radiance increases the healing of Power Word:
         Radiance by 250% (was 200%). * Developers' notes: In Season 2, we
            increased the importance of healer mana management in Arenas and
            Battlegrounds by reducing mana regeneration in PvP instances. Due to
            Discipline's healing style, the spec tends to run out of mana much
            faster in Arena compared to other specs. So, we're buffing their
            mana regeneration in PvP and adjusting some of their PvP talents to
            increase their throughput. In addition, we're adjusting Dome of
            Light to allow it to be used more frequently but with less damage
            reduction to give them an additional tool to recover after crowd
            control.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Shaman * Elemental * Lightning Lasso now deals 140% spell power per tick (was 8% of
         the target's maximum health).
       * Lightning Lasso now deals damage to permanently stun immune
         mobs.
      
      
   
   
 * Warlock * Affliction * Endless Affliction no longer increases the duration of
         Unstable Affliction.
       * Endless Affliction now leaves a 10 second debuff on the
         target after the final Unstable Affliction runs its full duration.
       * Dispelling Endless Affliction will silence, damage, and
         increase damage taken by 10% to the target while active.
       * Casting Unstable Affliction on a target that has Endless
         Affliction active will remove it.
       * A new aura icon will indicate to healers that a target has
         Endless Affliction or Unstable Affliction active. * Developers' note:
            Our intention with the Endless Affliction talent is to allow the
            Warlock to opt into longer dispel protection for their team's damage
            over time spells and other debuffs. The previous version of this
            came at a cost of slowing down the rate at which they deal damage.
            We've broken the additional dispel protection off into its own
            debuff so that this talent doesn't change the warlocks damage
            profile.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * UI * The end-of-match scoreboard for Arenas and Battlegrounds now has a new
      look and provides more information about player rewards.
   
   

PROFESSIONS
Many new items can be crafted by harvesting the corpses of the most dangerous
fallen foes in Mechagon and Nazjatar.

 * All Battle for Azeroth professions (except Archaelogy) now have a maximum
   skill of 175 (was 150).
 * Players can now gain the first 25 skill points in each profession by
   disenchanting, milling, or prospecting items from the respective expansion. * 
      Alchemy * An upgraded Alchemy Stone can now be crafted along with new
         Battle Potions, Flasks, and Cauldrons.
      
      
    * 
      Blacksmithing * Forge new armor to protect you from the hazards you'll
         encounter in Mechagon and Nazjatar.
       * Work together with an Engineer to craft a new
         hovercraft-style mount: the Xiwyllag ATV.
      
      
    * 
      Cooking * New recipes, including a feast, are now available for the most
         skilled culinary experts.
      
      
    * 
      Enchanting * Added new recipes for enchanting weapons and rings.
      
      
    * 
      Engineering * With the opening of Mechagon, Engineers now have many new
         gadgets they can create. * Keep your eyes safe with the best
            Engineering goggles available to craft.
          * New Wormhole Generators can teleport players
            to random locations in Kul Tiras and Zandalar.
          * The new Blingtron 7000 is now available to
            build and offers players the Blingtron 7000 Gift Package, filled
            with an assortment of items.
          * Engineers can work together with Blacksmiths
            to create a new hovercraft-style mount: the Xiwyllag ATV.
         
         
      
      
    * 
      Fishing * New species of fish can be caught from pools scattered across
         Mechagon and Nazjatar.
      
      
    * 
      Inscription * Players can now make new item-level 400 Highborne Compendium
         trinkets, Contracts, and Vantus Runes to use in Azshara's Eternal
         Palace.
      
      
    * 
      Jewelcrafting * The precious ore in the newly discovered areas can be cut
         into the most powerful gems.
       * Higher level rings can now be crafted.
      
      
    * 
      Leatherworking * Leatherworkers will now be able to turn the hides of the
         new beasts they encounter into a variety of armor pieces.
      
      
    * 
      Tailoring * Stitch together new garments using cloth found in Nazjatar.
      
      
   
   

QUESTS AND WORLD QUESTS
 * Horde players can continue raising their direhorn with new Direhorn Training
   quests.

USER INTERFACE
 * Accessibility * Several slash commands have been added to provide more
      options for players with vision impairments. * Voice Commands * Enter voice channel for your guild: /voice guild.
          * Enter voice channel for the officer channel for your
            guild: /voice officer.
          * Enter general channel for a given community: /voice
            (community name).
          * Enter a particular channel for a given community:
            /voice (community. name:channel)
          * Leave the current voice channel: /voice leave.
         
         
       * Community Commands * Open the Add Community dialog with the invitation
            link edit box selected. Paste in the link and hit return: /community
            join.
          * Open the create wow character community dialog
            with the Name edit box selected. Type in a name, then hit tab, then
            enter a short name, and hit enter to finalize the creation:
            /community create wow.
          * Open the create battle.net club dialog with the
            Name edit box selected. Type in a name, then optionally hit tab and
            enter a short name, and hit enter to finalize the creation:
            /community create battlenet.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * The Pet Journal will now indicate if you are unable to summon a pet.
 * Mount Equipment can be found and listed under Miscellaneous and below Mount.
 * A new option to lower game sound when voice chat is detected can be found
   under System > Voice Chat.
 * The map now indicates where players need to go to travel for transcontinental
   quests.
 * The friends list will now sort favorited RealID and BattleTag friends at the
   top.
 * Role count for damage dealers, tanks, and healers will now display in raid
   frames.
 * Dungeon entrance indicators on the map can now be toggled on and off.
 * Guild messages will now state the difficulty of the boss defeated.
 * Players who are Bounty Hunted will now display a distinctive icon on their
   nameplates.
 * Passive talents will now appear in the Spellbook.
 * Added dynamic scaling support for loading screens in ultra-wide resolutions.

WORLD
 * New Audio Altitude System * As you take to the skies in Rise of Azshara, the
      ambient sound across all of Azeroth will now adjust to reflect the height
      at which you soar.
   
   

COMPANION APP
 * Added new Rise of Azshara zones: Nazjatar and Mechagon.
 * Added support for new missions.
 * Updated and improved the Guild Roster function.
 * Made Community invite links able to be copied.
 * Added a new accessibility option – Community chat text size can now be
   changed.
 * Increased the usability of the Community and Calendar features.
 * Improved stability.

BUG FIXES
 * Achievements * The guild achievements Classy Draenei and Classy Dwarves are
      again earnable by level 120 Shamans.
    * Players can again earn the Darkmoon Race Enthusiast
      achievement after earning Darkmoon Racer Novice.
    * The guild achievements A Team Effort, Stick Together Team, and
      Now That's Teamwork are again achievable on all Rated Battleground maps.
    * Wrecking Ball and Damage Control should now always be awarded
      to eligible players in Wintergrasp.
   
   
 * Allied Races * Blood Elves * Blood elf female characters' eyes now glow as intended.
      
      
    * Dark Iron Dwarves * Dark Iron dwarf male Warriors no longer use the
         Nightborne voice line when using Charge.
      
      
    * Kul Tirans * Kul Tiran female characters now make sounds while
         blacksmithing and mining.
       * The Toy Train Set now plays the correct sounds when used by
         Kul Tiran or Zandalari troll characters.
       * Mounts summoned by Kul Tirans now scale correctly.
       * Kul Tiran male Arms Warriors now have an Execute animation.
       * Kul Tiran female characters now always play weapon sound
         effects during Mortal Strike.
      
      
    * Zandalari Trolls * The Zandalari troll Pterrordax Swoop racial no longer
         causes the pterrodax to orient off-center when cast while strafing.
       * The Toy Train Set now plays the correct sounds when
         used by Kul Tiran or Zandalari troll characters.
       * Spell visuals for Zandalari troll male and female
         characters now appear at the appropriate size when cast.
       * Zandalari troll Druids now play their Flight Form
         summon sound if they have Artisan or Master Riding unlocked.
       * The Zandalari troll and Kul Tiran Druid variants of
         Incarnation: Tree of Life now scale properly.
       * Zandalari troll Druids now display banners correctly in
         all shapeshifted forms.
      
      
    * Brawler's Guild * Grandpa Grumplefloot's Bad Luckydos ability now
         consistently triggers when it strikes the player.
       * Stitches' Aura of Rot now applies to pets and guardians.
      
      
   
   
 * Classes * Dismissed pets are no longer resummoned after dismounting.
    * Hunter * Beast Mastery * Hunters can no longer summon Warp Stalkers when casting
            Dire Beast.
          * Hunters' Barbed Shot will again benefit from Bestial
            Wrath.
          * Hunters' Hi-Explosive Trap can no longer be seen by
            enemy players.
         
         
      
      
    * Rogue * Rogues can no longer sometimes re-enter stealth earlier than
         intended after killing another player.
      
      
    * Mage * Arcane * Arcane Orb now puts enemy players it strikes into combat.
         
         
       * Frost * Frozen Orb should no longer sink into terrain on certain
            platforms.
         
         
      
      
    * Monk * Monks no longer enter combat if they cast Transcendence next to an
         enemy.
      
      
    * Paladin * Divine Steed no longer cancels when it interferes with
         collision.
      
      
    * Shaman * Elemental * Master of the Elements now consistently applies its damage
            increase buff.
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Dungeons and Raids * Battle of Dazar'alor * Lady Jaina Proudmoore * The Zandalari Ballista can no longer be fired
            while frozen by Frozen Siege.
         
         
      
      
    * Siege of Boralus * Players can no longer fall off the platform edge by
         Dread Captain Lockwood's ship.
      
      
    * Shrine of the Storm * Brother Ironhull's Hindering Cleave no longer deals
         damage to players outside of the ability visual.
      
      
    * Temple of Sethraliss * The orb used to open the path to Avatar of
         Sethraliss will no longer vanish if thrown or stolen.
       * Players will again be able to progress through the
         dungeon if they leave and reenter the instance.
      
      
    * Underrot * Sporecaller Zancha no longer has issues chasing players with
         threat.
      
      
    * Waycrest Manor * Gorestained Piglet should now always grant Enemy Forces
         contribution.
       * Infest no longer breaks players out of stealth.
      
      
   
   
 * Guild Bank * Guild banks will again display deposited items and allow players
      to withdraw them.
   
   
 * Items * Azerite Powers should now correctly function if the player equipped
      and unequipped the armor piece multiple times.
    * Doomsayer's Robes now alters the appearance of Kul Tirans and
      Zandalari trolls.
    * The Flight Master's Whistle should now work in the Tradewinds Market.
    * Heart of Azeroth * Arcanic Pulsar now always grants Astral Power from
         Celestial Alignment.
       * Reawakening's Well Fed buff should now always apply to
         the target.
      
      
    * Ironspine Protocol now allows only the summoning Hunter to ride Hati,
      and Hati now has a smoother gait when ridden.
    * Mesmerizing Fruit Hat now fits on characters' heads properly.
    * Relinquished Azerite Tokens should now always grant items.
   
   
 * Island Expeditions * Undead enemies in Havenswood are now properly
      categorized as such.
   
   
 * Player versus Player * Arena * Players now must always cast escape abilities before leaving
         combat (e.g. Vanish and Shadowmeld).
       * Hunter pets should always be able to enter Arenas even if
         commanded to move while in queue.
       * Players no longer travel through solid structures if they move
         while casting Fear.
      
      
    * Battlegrounds * Characters with experience turned off can no longer
         participate in Battlegrounds with characters that have experience
         turned on. * Arathi Basin * Players can no longer stand on top of unintended
               locations in Arathi Basin.
            
            
          * Seething Shore * Players no longer receive the Uncharted Territory
               debuff after launching off the airship.
            
            
          * Temple of Kotmogu * Healing power-ups will again spawn every 2
               minutes as intended.
            
            
          * Wintergrasp * Wintergrasp Battleground statistics now consistently
               appear in the Achievement Statistics menu.
             * The Tour of Duty achievement should now always be
               awarded to players who complete "Victory in Wintergrasp" while in
               Battle for Azeroth zones.
             * Players can now build new catapults, demolishers, and
               siege engines in the Vehicle Workshop right after completing
               construction on another one.
            
            
         
         
      
      
   
   
 * Professions * Herbalism * Players can gather Siren's Sting in several locations that
         were previously blocked off.
      
      
    * Fishing * Players are again able to fish out of the lava pools in Antoran
         Wastes and Frostfire Ridge.
       * Fishing will again offer multiple rarities of items in Krokuun
         and Mac'Aree.
      
      
   
   
 * Quests * The Alliance Airship now always appears while the player progresses
      through "Isolated Victory".
    * Players now leave combat after completing "A Stitch in Time".
    * Scrollsage Goji and Trader Kro no longer disappear when the "Naga
      Attack!" World Quest is active.
    * Players can now interact with Hexlord Raal during the War Campaign
      quest "Ride of the Zandalari".
    * General Marstone now deals less damage during "Sowing Discord".
    * "Wild Mine Cart Ride" again completes when the cart ride ends.
    * Players can again share quests with party members anywhere in World
      of Warcraft.
    * Margrave Dhakar can again be slain during "The Flesh Giant
      Champion".
    * Players can now complete "Earthcaller's Abode" while Stormsong
      Incursion is active.
    * Players are no longer sent to the Barrens or Sentinel Hill graveyard
      if affected by Choking Fog while traveling in Stormsong Valley.
    * Players can again turn in and receive credit for "The Missing
      Blade".
   
   
 * UI * Transmogrification sets are again sorted by newest.
    * Guild vendor prices are again consistent.
   
   
 * Vendors * Allied Race characters again can make purchases at the Scarlet
      Quartermaster.
   
   
 * Voice Chat * Players can rejoin voice chat channels after exiting the client
      while in a party or group.