*This expansion was pretty much verbatim generated by one of the more advanced text 'generators' currently available. Trained on a huge number of web pages it will introduce ideas not found in the source material so the output is always somewhat novel (Source material is every single X.X patch note ever, april fools patch notes, and some fan-generated expansions).*

*Source, links and information at the end of the post.These were generated by combing through around 10,000 lines of generated text with no real prompting or modifications because apparently this is my life now. Paragraphs that follow on are completely non-modified, one-liners are rearranged into groups. The most generations were spent on getting it to spit out expansion titles.*

# Overview

>!Title added by me, there are three different 'chunks', the first three, then the last two. This was only on my second generation of like 5000 characters. Weird huh?!<

The old guard of the Horde is in mourning. Fearful of Malfurion's return, the titans of the Horde have taken to wearing black armor and carrying heavy black bags. As such, their faction is unrecognizable from the one that once comprised Stormwind.

For the titans, this is a fitting end. Malfurion had hoped that by uniting the Horde and Alliance, he could finally unite Azeroth once more. Unfortunately, his plans have gone awry. Angry at being left behind, the titans have taken to raiding Stormwind's Trade Spots to fill their bellies.

The titans have managed to secure a shipment of Beasts that could only be obtained through the course of bloody battles. Should this prove successful, the heroes of Azeroth may finally be able to challenge the titan rulers once more.

The brand-new adventure begins in the beautiful city of Arak at the center of the Elemental Plane. But something is amiss in the Elemental Plane...

Arak is rumored to be home to a dark shrine to the Old Gods -- a place of great power but which neither faction can access. Is this what the Warchief means when he calls upon the strength of the Air Elemental to aid him in the coming battle?

# Features

>!Title added by me, roughly five chunks, sometimes GPT-2 gets a bit obsessed on just redoing the same paragraph over!<

Three new race/ethnic combinations: the ogres of the G-1 World Tree, the blood elves of the Acolyte tribe, and the night elves of the Orgrimmar faction. While the three new races are not officially considered as races, players can assume these races to be of the same general type based on their appearance. Note that the ogres of the G-1 World Tree do not actually wear clothing,

**NEW FEATURE: FACTION BRAWL**

* Enter a new all-new scenario where you and 9 other players will take on the roles of other players from your faction, trying to be the last one standing.
* Win an epic new weapon called a "Faerie Fire" to improve your chances of survival.
* New VIP areas

**NEW DESTINATION FEATURE: MYTHIC RACE RESURRECTION**

The new resurrection mechanic has been added, allowing players to resurrect themselves at a nearby graveyard. Players can no longer be proved to be dead.

**NEW DESTINATION FEATURE: THE GREAT MORBAL**

Players will no longer need to wait for a player's corpse to decompose in order to reap the loot from the Great Morb

**RACIAL TRAITS**

We are still redesigning and improving the ability to have races have distinctive abilities based on the abilities they have available. Most racials have been moved into a class specific area of specialization, where they become stronger as they get closer to level 70.

*NEW RAID: THE FATHER OF THE PARRIMATRAVEN*

Raid Finder - This time, players will have to deal with the father of all talent, the legendary Carrion-Long-Bearded One. Carrion-Long-Bearded One is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.

*NEW RAID: THE GREAT RUINS OF ARMSHOCKS*

Raid Finder  In this new raid, players will have the opportunity to fight for captured transports and ultimately, the legendary Battle-Stones of Armshock. These mighty weapons could bring great power and glory to all of Azeroth!

*NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF ANCIENTS' TERRANCE*

Raid Finder  This time, players will have to deal with the father of all talent, the legendary Acolyte-Stygian. Acolyte-Stygian is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in his hands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.

*NEW RAID: THE RAIDS OF PETAL KIRK*

Raid Finder  This time, players will have to deal with the dad of all talent, the legendary Serpents of Two Peaks. Serpents-Two-Poles is rumored to be a powerful being who wields great power in hishands, and could unleash great destruction upon the entire known world.

# DUNGEONS

>!Title added by me!<

AUCHINDOUN: PRISON OF THRONES

AUCHINDOUN: SHADOWCAVE

AUCHINDOUN: DWARFBEARD

AUCHINDOUN: PVP DAILY GALOCKS

AUCHINDOUN: BAGS OF THE DAILY GALOCK

AUCHINDOUN: BLOODBEARDER

AUCHINDOUN: EYE OF THE DARK KNIGHT

AUCHINDOUN: THE BLACK TEMPLE

AUCHINDOUN: THE COLLECTIVE HEIR

AUCHINDOUN: THE DRUID'S LAIR

AUCHINDOUN: THE IRON MAN

AUCHINDOUN: THE SCALP

AUCHINDOUN: THE TIMEWALKER

# Changes

>!Title added by me!<

To ensure that the titans of Zandalararar haven't been forgotten about, all heroes will have their portraits displayed on the walls of their respective cities.

* Due to the lack of a better description for this battle, we simply refer to it as "The Battle of the Bannisters."
* \[Tyr's Hand of Justice\] is now correctly referred to as "Hand of Justice."
* \[Vek'lor's Falling Rain\] now causes Rainfall damage.
* you'll now be able to see the "advertisement" in the chat window without opening your mouth.
* World of Warcraft: Ghostlands" achievement, " \[80\] Clutching at Shadows", requires the player to exit the game and re-enter the game within five minutes of death.
* Players with "Real ID" who have not yet completed the achievement will now be properly credited as such after defeating the "Gnome Roundup" achievement.

# Roadmap

>!Title added by me, notes generated by giving the prompt with the patch number. This by far took the longest of any of this.!<

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.1: Free For Alls in Stormwind**

* Level 1-10 players may queue for all available dungeons and raids in solo, with limited entries and requirements.
* No raids or dungeons have been added to Eastern and Western Plaguelands.

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.1.5:**

* Darkmoon Island is now available.
* Darkmoon Island is a weekly event where the elements are banished to the dark side of the moon. The moon is said to be full of hidden dangers awaiting the bravest of warriors.
* Adventurers brave enough to seek them out on the dark side of the moon will soon find that Darkmoon Island is open and ready for business!

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.2: Offworld Trading Post**

* Offworld Trading Pouches have been added to the level 90 class trainers.
* These small to medium sized packets are filled with a small amount of earth and wood dust that when opened will reveal a compartment with earth and wood chips.
* Players can right-click on any pouch to purchase the item which is then placed in the player's inventory.
* \[Warcraft III: New Goblin Tinker\] quest added for players that have learned all 12 Secrets of War.
* Warlords Crafted Armor can now be improved by Ironbeast Blacksmithing, and the armor can also be purchased from Warlords Crafted Alchemists.

>!Ok the generation of patch 9.3 notes all were too good. I figure if you've read this far here's some bonus stuff breaking format. Thank you if you read this far. No Thank You for you if you didn't!<

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3:**

* Mogu'shan Vaults and Tol Barad will be unlocked and opened to players starting at level 40, and the achievement \[Completing the Game\] will be unlocked for players at level 50.
* Level-80 players who have earned all eight Golden Wands should visit their Hotfixes page to receive their next batch of Wands.
* Players seeking to upgrade a Realm should speak with their Game Master at any Hotfixes

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: The Lost Caverns, the content for the expansion, is now live!**

* In this patch, players will unlock access to a new level 80 class, the Twilight Order, through a series of bonus dungeons.

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3:**

In the wake of a brutal cataclysm, the denizens of Azeroth have taken to dressing like superheroes, with a healthy dash of geek cred. Now it's time to show them the proper respect they deserve. Show them Groot, Iron Fist, and the rest of the Iron Fist Corps.  Players will collect T-shirts and badges that can be used to gain levels, become better known as Grootlings, and earn their own Iron Fist bullseye.

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3:**

More new epic gear, better rewards, and a new war campaign.

* Level 110 and get ready to enter the world of Azeroth and its faction, the Horde, by taking the fight to the enemy capital cities!

BATTLE PETS: YOU'VE SEEN THE NEWS STORIES OF TANAAN JUNGLE?

It looks like you've been following the news of Tanaan Jungle, and have maybe done some gardening or something?

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3:**

* 9.3 is released on the heels of Patch 9.2, and like the Old Gods, they're not pleased.
* In an effort to keep the 9.3 servers unified, Cataclysm is being removed from the world. Players will still be able to raid with other people in Cataclysm, but only on the Cataclysm realms.
* The Broken Isles expansion is now available for playtest purposes only.
* World of Warcraft Patch 9.3: The Titans' Thirst

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3:**

The Missing Diplomat\]  What did the Night Elves do when they discovered that all of Azeroth suddenly seemed to be burning? They just sort of ran with it? It turns out they were pretty badass.

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: A View To The West**

There are many changes in this patch, but one of the most significant is the expansion breaking changes to the way that Truefaith heals.

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: A Warcraft Spelunker Appears!**

\* The Timbermaw Furbolgs will no longer make the "awkward" ogre-faced impersonation of Thorium Miners.

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: A View From The Frontlines**Dungeons

* Shadows of Elwynn
* The Temple of Elwynn The Robe of Elwynn

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: Missing Artifacts"**

* "Blizzard Scrambles To Remember The Incident At Bloodhoof Village"
* "Netherspite's Sanctum"
* "The Alliance Of Four Worlds"
* "Arugal And His Brothers"  \* "Archmage And Writer"
* "Anduin And Kro the Dragonkiller"
* "Councillor And Tel'Abis"
* "Karang Corp And The Silver Covenant"

&#x200B;

**World Of Warcraft patch 9.3: Everything You've Been Thinking About Is Now Fact.**

BATTLE.NET FEATURE: COUNTING PEARLS

Now that you and your guildmates have unlocked the full extent of the power of the \[Battle.net\] FACTION UI, you'll be able to easily and quickly execute complex financial calculations. The feature, Counting Pears, is an essential part of our ongoing efforts to make the Battle.net FACTION UI experience be as easy to use as possible.

TLDR:

>World Of Warcraft" will be removed from the game as part of a "restoration" of sorts. We apologize for any confusion this may have caused. Rest in peace, paladin.

>!f!<

*This is the fourth in a set of posts of generated WoW content. For more, visit the* [first post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d5sfcf/ai_generated_patch_notes_early_version_very_rough/)*,* [second post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d778cm/i_asked_my_robot_about_patch_825_generated_patch/), [third post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d8ix9a/i_had_an_interview_with_my_robot_about_the/) *or the* [*Bot's Twitter*](https://twitter.com/BotPatch)*. I have a github* repo *that I can share that has all the training data, most of the generated data, and a shortlist from the insanity. It's super easy to get started and any help learning to do this better would be appreciated.*

*I have only filtered, done very minor rearranging and merging of relevant sections.*