By Bill Walker

WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON D.C. – Today, April 2, 2015, marks the one-year anniversary of the Burning Crusade. The Burning Crusade was a massive success, earning Blizzard Entertainment—and subsequently, World of Warcraft—over 10 million unique players. Following the success of the Burning Crusade, Blizzard decided to take a fresh look at their Path of Exile system. They decided to change up the Order Lock system in Hearthstone, and added a fresh, new feature, Random Encrypted Matter.

The Random Encrypted Matter system is what makes the upcoming \[Grand Unified Planets\] unique. Grand Unified Planets is what makes all future expansions free-for-all, with each expansion requiring a unique lock to be obtained. As such, this plan was very important to us. Therefore, we're changing the system to allow players the chance to unify their Order Locks in one place, at anytime.

&#x200B;

INTRODUCING RAIDS

We wanted to present an updated, more fun way for raiding with friends new and old. That's why we're introducing Raid Finder, a new system that lets you queue for and join a raid of any size for any content type, at a moment's notice. Not on the same day, but at a moment's notice.

&#x200B;

RAIDS

TRAVELING IS NOW A THING

With the launch of Battle for Azeroth, we set out to make gearing your class or spec a little easier. To that end, we've made it so you don't need to grind through item level 1-10 to get the occasional item that might drop. You can now do all of the hard, time-consuming, role-specific work yourself, instead of having a team of people tell you what to do.

We're also pleased to announce that all 9-slot raid bags have been reduced to 5-slot configurations, so you can now take advantage of the reduced pricing we've seen with this new system. 5-slot systems are available for those raiding with four or more slots, 4-slot systems are available for those raiding with three or more slots, and 1-10 slot raid bags are available for those raiding with all of the required slots.

One major difference between this new system and the old system is that we've made it so you don't need to grind through item levels 1-10 to get items that might drop from random (non-boss) encounters. The end result is that you won't necessarily be broke if you drop an item in 10-slot (or even 1-10) RAID Finder (or any other random drop), but you won't be broke if you drop that same item in a normal raid either.

&#x200B;

RAID GUILDS

We've added the Riot Guard to the new Raid Finder (and the existing Raid Finder) as a means to reduce queue times. The Riot Guard can be found in the same raid frames as other raid-specific characters, but has a 100% chance to drop an item in Raid Finder difficulty (up from 50% chance).

&#x200B;

STORY AND WORLD

Many changes have been made to the story behind the cataclysm world events: the invasion of Kalimdor, the rise of the Burning Legion, and the War Campaign. These world events have been overhauled to provide a smoother transition into the War Campaign.

&#x200B;

NPC CHANGES

Many NPCs that are not supposed to be in the raid have been changed to appear in a raid, either by changing their color or their model. While this fixes an issue with previous patches, it also introduces an entirely new system of handling things in Raid Finder (which we call ‘Cruisin' the Truest) difficulty. This new system makes all NPCs relative no more 'forbidden fruit.'

This world event also saw the addition of a new mechanic:

* All nearby players become invisible when \[Cruisin' the Truesteel\] is activated.
* The mechanic works exactly like a \[Collectronic Module\], except with a twist: when activated, it also causes the camera to be turned to that which drives the character’s thrusters, thus obscuring their actual location.

The hidden loot in this raid was that which dropped, not who dropped it. As such, it has been scaled back in value to be commensurate to the size of the reward.

&#x200B;

PROFESSIONS

Many new recipes have been added to assist players in obtaining the resources they need to power their raid.

* Many recipes in high demand by dungeon groups will now require significantly less \[Collectronic Module\] schematics to create.
* A new high-end profession that only players of the appropriate class can acquire is now available.
* Small but significant improvements have been made to many recipes in the high-end profession skill tree. Many of the recipes in this tree will be off-spec and thus unable to be applied to a non-

====================

*This 'article' WAS completely generated by one of the more advanced text 'generators' currently available. Trained on a huge number of web pages it will introduce ideas not found in the source material so the output is always somewhat novel (Fine-tuning material is every single X.X patch note ever, april fools patch notes, and some fan-generated expansions).*

*I found this snippet after generating / combing through around 80,000 lines of generated text because apparently this is my life now. I usually do rearranging, but I've completely untouched this one other than converting the markdown \* to reddit bulletpoints.*

*I have a github* repo *that I can share that has all the training data, most of the generated data, and a shortlist from the insanity. It's super easy to get started and any help doing this better would be appreciated!*

\[[fake notes](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d5sfcf/ai_generated_patch_notes_early_version_very_rough/), [fake 8.2.5](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d778cm/i_asked_my_robot_about_patch_825_generated_patch/), [8.2.5 interview](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/d8ix9a/i_had_an_interview_with_my_robot_about_the/), [fake expansion](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/daolia/world_of_warcraft_terminus_oculatus_generated/)\]

\[[*Fake Patch Notes Bot Twitter*](https://twitter.com/BotPatch)*\]*